VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 8«.
PERISH IN A
BURNING HOUSE
Frightful Holocaust Attends
the Destruction of a
Residence.
SEVEN LIVES ARE LOST.
The Flames Spread Rapidly and
Prevent the Escape of
the Inmates.
ONLOOKERS POWERLESS TO AID.
Heroism of Firemen Saves Several
From Cremation— A Woman's
Plunge to Death.
BALTIMORE, Md., Feb. 23.— A fire in
the fashionable district of North Balti
more about B o'clock this morning caused
seven deaths and sent a thrill of horror into
hundreds of homes in the city, where most
of the unfortunate victims were well
known. The disaster occurred in the home
of James R. Armiger. one of the best
known men in Baltimore, at 1865 North
Charles street, and, owing to the mistake
of two policemen in breaking open a front
door and giving draught to the Barnes, was
greater than it would have been had
proper precautions been tatcn and fore
thought exercised.
The dead are : Jame? li. Armiger. aged
55; William B. Riley, his son-in-low, aged
- Ilichard Riley, aged 4, Marian Riley,
aged 2}-z ; James Chamberlin, aged 3; Mrs.
Marian Chamberlin, aged oO; Harold
Manuel, aged f>o.
The tire started in the basement shortly
before 8 o'clock, and Lou Whitina, a col
ored servant who was employed next door,
tirst discovered the flames. Gaining an
entrance over a rear fence, he dashed
through the building, arousing the in
mates, most of whom were still in tneir
beds. But quick as was his action, the
flames were more rapid, and egress by the
staircase* was shut off beiore half of the
sixteen occupants of the dwelling had left
their rooms.
The sleepers on the fourth floor could
get no lower than the second story, where
they were driven into the ping- rooms
of the other inmates of the house. With
closed doors behind them to keep out the
Humes . and - saioite, ', the . servants, too, i
rushed to the windows crying piteously
for help. Two maid servants, who were in
the kitchen when the tire was discovered,
escaped by the rear door. There were
then penned up in the building fourteen
persons crying or shrieking for assist
ance.
As soon as the Fire Department arrived
nets were stretched beneath the windows,
and the fireruen called to the terror
stricken persons at the windows to jump.
The crowd in the street, not realizing the
extent of the fire and smoke- within the
house, yelled: "Don't jump!' The be
wildered inmates held back, and some of
them disappeared from the windows. Ap
parently they went back for clothing, or
perhaps for some treasured or valuable
po#ession. It was a fatal move, and in
most instance! Ist a life.
Policemen Carlos and Crowe, in an at
tempt to rescue those whose lives were in
danger, broke in the front door. It was a
mistake, for it only gave the fire, which
had begun in the basement, the draught it
needed, and it roared through the hall
ways and up the stairs with greater tierce-
The policemen could not reach the
iiu periled persons, for the stairj sag then
a mass of flames and the smoke was Dlind-
ing.
The firemen had by this time thrown Up
ladders against the front of the house, and
District Chief McAfee climbed up to the
Becond-story window, where Mrs. Armiger
was crying for nelp. The ladder did not
quite reach the window, and there was the
wildest excitement in the crowd below as
McAfee stood on the upper round of the
ladder and grasped the window sill for
Bupport. He encouraged Mrs. Armiger to
swing herself out of the window. As the
chief grasped her with one arm he steadied
himself wilh the other, and had tatcen one
Btep down the ladder, when it slipped, and
McAfee, with the woman in one arm and
with the other holding to the window
frame, dangled in the air.
A cry of horror went up from the crowd
as it saw the peril ol the daring fireman
and bis human burden. Fortunately for
them McAfee caught the top round of the
ladder on his toe and pulled it back into
position, released his hold upon the win
dow and quickly descended with the
woman to the sidewalk. A great cheer
went up as rescued and^escuer reached
terra firraa.
At one of the third-story windows a man
with a look of agony shouted to the multi
tude below. It sent him back an encour
aging shout, and he a moment later, before
a ladder could be run up, disappeared.
When the nremen reached the window the
man was found lying beneath it, suffocated
and badly burned. It was Harold Manuel,
a New York stockbroker and banker. In
his arms was little Richard Riley, agrand
fcon of Mr. Armiger, also dean.
Alice J. Williams, one of the colored
servants, appeared at one of the fourth
htory window?, shrieking for help. She
leaned far out over the pavement.
"Don't jump! don't jump!" yelled a
hundred voices.
She stepped back, wringing her hands.
Then she leaned out again nnd appeared
to be trying to call something to those
below. Again the cry went up, "Don't
jump!"
Too late the terrorized woman drew
half back in the window and with an
awful shriek launched herself out into the
air. Down, down she shot, her body turn
ing over several times and striking the
marble stepß of the residence. The crowd
stood transfixed with horror, as the
woman's body rebounded and rolled to
the pavement. For a moment no one
moved. Then a man rushed forward, fol
lowed by a scoie. The woman was moan
The San Francisco Call.
ing pitifully, her hands clinching and un
clinching in agony. She was carried to
Dr. Batchelder's office, opposite, and sub
sequently removed to the City Hospital,
where she is now dying.
Another colored servant, Mary White,
was rescued from a window in a semi
conscious condition by the firemen-.
While the scenes of excitement and
bravery were being enacted in front of the
burning residence other acts of heroism
were being performed in the rear. Mr.
Armiger's two daughters — Virginia, aged
"25, and Eleanor, aged 15 — occupied the
second-story back room. With the great
est presence of mind Miss Virginia,
assisted by her young sister, made
a rope of the bed linen and
with this Eleanor was lowered to
the ground. Fearing to trust her weight
upon the slender cord, Miss Virginia
dashed back to the bed, grasped the mat
tress, pushed it through the window to the
ground, twenty feet below. She then
jumped and landed uj.on it, uninjured
with the exception of a slight shock.
The only other person of the sixteen who
were in the ill-fated house to be rescued
was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Armi
ger, Mrs. Lelia Riley. She was carried
down by the ladder by tee firemen, hav
ing been overcome by the smoke.
When the fire had been got under
control and the firemen made a search of
the ruins of the residence, Mr. Armiger
was found in the hallway. When Whiting
dashed upstairs with the alarm of lire, Mr.
Armiger had left his wife in the care of the
colored man and went upstairs to awaken
the other inmates of the house. He had
been overcome by the smoke and flames
and breathed his last as he was carried
into the open air.
William B Riley, a son-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. Armiger, was found dead near
by. He, with his wife and two children,
had been seen at the third-story window,
and Mrs. Riley had been taken out by the
firemen, but before tiie rescuers could re
uirn to the window Mr. Riley, with bis
two children clasped in his arms, suc
cumbed to the smoke and flames. On the
floor above were found the bodies of Mrs.
Marian Chamberlain, a widowed daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Armiger, and her three
year-old child, James. The last person to
be found in the wrecked building was
Hatoid Manuel, aged 50, a guest who
arrived from New York last Thursday.
He was a member of the broker linn of
Turner & Manuel, 'do Wall street, New
York.
Mr. Armiger was an importer of dia
monds and hue jewelry and did a big
business in thiß city- and throughout the
Southern States. For thirty years he had
been one of the best-known merchants of
the city.
The scene in the parlors of Dr. K. B.
Bachelor's residence, where the charred
I and bruised bodies were carried, was har
! rowintr. Mr. Armiger was burned to a
char around the upper part of his body.
The white hair around his venerable head
was matted and clotted with blood and
cinders. His face and • forehead were .so
badly burned that the ends of his hair
were clotted in the flesh. -His face, al
though terribly blackened, was easily rec
ognizable, and old friends turned away
sick at heart.
Mr. Riley died from burns and suffoca
tion. He was rather stout and muscular.
Fhe trurns were chiefly about his face, neck
and shoulders.' His lace was terribly dis
torted and wore an expression of awful
agony.
Mr. Manuel was also terribly burned
and his horribly scarred face was dis
torted, as though he had died only after
making a supreme effort for life. Gleam
ing in startling contrast with the burned
and blackened lingers of Mr. Manuel's left
hand shone a handsome diamond ring.
The body of James Chamberlain was a
blackened cinder. His throat and nos
trils were burned inside.
The two Riley children were killed by
the suffocating smoke. They were not so
badly burned as the others, but their faces
were blackened from the bursting of blood
vessels, and the red fluid made crimson
stains on their blackened nightgowns.
The house is completely gutted. In the
dining-room and pantry the family silver
ware is a blackened and misshapen mass
of metal. The monetary loss is estimated
at $25,000.
The news of the catastrophe spread
throughout the city by means of the pul
pit and press, and all day and late into the
night great crowds loitered about the fire
swept ruins and the house wherein the
poor victims lay. Coroner Alexander Hill,
impaneled a jury of inquest, which viewed
the bodies of the deceased, and to-night
rendered a verdict in effect that ttie fire
was caused by a badly connected hot-air
pipe, eulogized the Fire Department for
prompt service, and gave especial credit to
District Chief McAfee, who heroically
saved the life of Mrs. Armiger.
Of those who escaped death to-day, Alice
Williams will die from a fractured skull.
Others will probably survive their in
juries.
ABYSSINIANS REPULSED.
lialians Defeat a Force of Six Hundred
Dervishes With Heavy Loss Near
Kassa/a.
ROME, Italy, Feb. 23.— A dispatch from
Massowah states that 5000 Dervishes are
hovering around the town of Kassahi, in
the northwestern part of the part of the
province of the Tigre. An encasement
has taken place between the Italian out
posts and a force of (XX) of the Dervishes.
The latter were repulsed with a loss of
eighty killed. Tho Italians lost ten killed.
Kassala is a well-fortified place and no
anxiety is felt for its safety.
Stockinger Succeeds Jlaretncyrr.
VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 23.— The Of
ficial Gazette announces that Herr F.
Stock inger, at present director of the Com
mercial Chancelieri of the Austrian Em
bassy at London, has been appointed Con
sul-General at New York, in succession to
Theodore Havemeyer, who recently re
signed. Baron yon Leonhardt, the Vice-
Consul at New York, will be transferred to
Chicago.
Butain'a More in Korea.
LONDON, Ewg., Feb. 23.— A dispatch
from St. Petersburg states that Russia has
no intention of acquiring Korea, but that
she retards it to be her right and duty to
guarantee the freedo m of the country.
Favored by Koyalty.
Queen Victoria, the Prince of Wales, the
German Emperor, and other nionarchs, as
a special distinction of t-xcellence, have
appointed »;. H. Mumm & Co. purveyors
to their courts. No wonder the importa
tion of Mnnim's extra dry to the United
States, where always the best is wanted,
aggregates 79,049 cases in 1895, about one
tnird of the total.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
Huntington— Hello, a chance to freeze on to another water front!
BOOTH'S ARMY
WILL SECEDE.
American Salvationists to
Become an Independent
Organization.
PLANS OF THE LEADER.
Orders From England Will Not!
Be Recognized in the
Future.
CHEER THE ANNOUNCEMENT.
■
The Commander Enthusiastically Re- I
ceived at the Headquarters
in New York.
NEW YORK, N.|Y., Feb. 23.— Com- ;
mander Ballington Booth of the salvation
Army last night announced to the mem- :
tiers of his staff that he had decided not to !
relinquish command of the army in the
United States, and that under no circum- .
stances would lie take orders from Kng
land. This wa3 taken to mean that he will
reorganize tiie army in this country on an
independent basis, and it was received
with cheers and other demonstrations of
approval.
Commander Booth appeared at the army
headquarters last evening and held a
council of war with his staff superintend
ents and declared It his intention not to
relinquish his command until compelled
to do so. Colonel Alexander N. Nicol, the j
personal representative of General Booth
in the present difficulty, and Colonel
Eadie, who has assumed to exercise the
authority of acting commander, were
called to the council-room and given to
understand the commander's position.
They went into his presence pale and
trembling and they emerged from the
room looking very much troubled.
During the session a message was re
ceived, purporting to come from London,
to the effect that Commander and Mrs. F.
de la Tour Booth-Tucker had been ap
pointed to succeed Mr. and Mrs. Balling
ton Booth in the United States. This was
promptly bulletined by Mr. Nicol, but its
truth was denied by Commander Booth
me ,uw »nageuver wmcn tiie San Francisco and ban Joaquin Valley Railway Will Cross the Stanis
islaus River 10-Day and h ert after— Miss Fmma Long, Who Was the First to Cross the Big Structure.
_ [Sketched from the river bank by a " Call " artist.]
and his friends, who declared that the dis
patch was bogus and was issued by Eva
Booth, who is in this city, to create a false
impression.
Commander Booth's statement that he
would not recognize the message as offi
cial was received with applause. It was
argued that the message could not be
authentic, because General Booth is not
in London, and would not mane an ap
pointment of such importance except in
the regular way and from the London
headquarters.
Commandant Booth's arrival at head
quarters was entirely unexpected and took
the opposition by surprise. The regular
Sunday evening gospel service was in
and the large hail was well
crowded.
BOOTH'S SUCCESSORS
Commissioner and Mrs. Jtocth- Tucker to
Command the Army.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feh^4.— This bul
letin was posted to-iiight iij^the Salvation
Army headquarters on West Fourteenth
" street : ■ ■" ■':-'.' -■•■;
NOTICE.
Commissioner and Mrs. Booth-Tucker have been
appointed us successors to Commander and Mrs.
Balllngtoa Booth, and may be expected to arrive
in this country with all dispatch.
Alex M. Xicol., Colonel.
The news came by cable from the inter
national headquarters in London. Com-,
missioner Tucker is on his way from
India, having accompanied General Booth
thither. Mrs. Tucker, who is General
Booth's second daughter, is in London
and may get here earlier than her hus
band. Commissioner Tucker was at one
time in command of the army in 'India.
He was formerly a Judge in the Indian
civil service and an assistant commis
sioner in. that service in the l'unjaub. '
He had done some missionary work
among the natives, when he saw one day
in a copy of the London War Cry, an ap
peal from General Booth for otlicers to
work in India. He got a furlough, went
to London, made himself acquainted with
the army's work, and then resigned his
appointment -and went back to India in
1880 as a pioneer of the Salvation Army
work there.
BULLETS FOLLOW A BLOW.
Albert W. Sullivan, a Prominent Mississippi
Lawyer, Fatally Shot by Moody
Swain.
MEMPHIS, Turn., Feb. 23.— Albert W.
Sullivan, a prominent attorney of Oxford,
Miss., was fatally 9hot by Moody Swain
near Dallas, Miss., yesterday afternoon.
Sullivan, in company with Edward Wat
son, a young law student, went to Dallas
to take part in the trial of a case. In the
progress of the case Swain, who was drink
ing, interfered several times, and Sullivan
requested him to be quiet. At the con
clusion of the trial Sullivan and Watson
started to their buggy, when Swain came
up to Sullivan and cursed him.
Quick as a flash Sullivan struck Swain
with his fist. Swain pulled his pistol and
fired, the ball striking Sullivan in the
head. Then, as if bent on slaying, Swain
shot twice at Sullivan's companion, Wat
son, but his aim was bad, and Watson was
not hurt. Then Swain lired a final shot,
striking a bystander, John Coffey, in the
arm.
A. W. Sullivan is a nephew of ex-Senator
\V. V. Sullivan.
Jtenth of Judge Coehran.
MARTINS FERRY, Ohio, Feb. 23.—
Judge Robert H. Cochran, who was born
near here, died last night at Toledo. He
was a soldier, jurist, orator, financier,
railroad builder, Mason and a Knight oi
Honor. He was 59 years of age.
WILL CROSS THE
STANISLAUS RIVER
The New Bridge of the
San Joaquin Valley-
Railway
CONNECTS TWO COUNTIES
The First Train Will Go Over
the Big Structure This
Morning.
TRACK-LAYING TO BE RUSHED.
California's Competing Railroad Ex
pects to Enter Fresno by June
of This Year.
STOCKTON, Cm.., Feb. 2.l— Unless
Division P^ngineer McFarland has some
reason for postponing the event another
day or two the iirst train of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company will cross the Stanislaus River
and enter Stanislaus County early to
morrow morning. •
• This is looked upon as an event of con
siderable importance and some of the offi
cials and directors of the road will prob
ably go down on the construction, train to
inspect the big bridge. Its entire length
is 510 feet and the big middle span that
stretches from the heavy piers on each
side of the water-way is 180 feet in length.
The structure is built of very heavy tim
bers and braced by steel rods. It has
taken lots of time and money to build and
has, in a measure, delayed the work of
trackJaying south of the river.
Stockton people remember when the
hope of man for the realization of the Val
ley Road project ran no further than the
Stanislauß. "Wait till they reach the
river," it was said. Well, the track
reached the river some weeks ago, and
there it halted, at a distance of twenty-six
miles from this 'city, until the bridge
should be completed. Now the bridge is
linished and will be crossed tomorrow.
Then the tracklaying will go on with un
diminished speed, and by June it is ex
pected that Fresno will be reached.
The officials who are to cross the Stanis
laus River bridge to-morrow morning
may in alter years look back to this day
and remember with not a little gratifica
tion, perhaps, that they were the first men
to cross the big bridge. But they will al
ways have to qualify their boast by their
gender, for already one member of the
tender sex has walked from San Joaquin
into Stanislaus County over these big
timbers. This was little Emma Long, the
pretty daughter of Conductor Long, who,
in the future, may also remember with
satisfaction that he was the rirst conductor
on the first competing railroad that en
tered the San Joaquin Valley.
Saturday morning a party left Stockton
and went down on the construction train
as far as the river. Though the ballasting
of the road is not completed, the construc
tion train sped along very smoothly at
the rate of between thirty and forty miles
an hour, making stops all along the line
and yet reaching its destination inside of
forty-rive minutes.
Leaving Stockton, the course is almost
due east, inclining a little to the south,
running through a rich grain and fruit
country, until the station of Escalon is
reached. Here the road turns more to the
south, and keeps turning until the engine
almost faces the equator — or Fresno,
which is nearer.
Arrived at the bridge several of the party
braved the terrors of dizziness and
walked partly across the structure. The
only one in the number to reacii the Stan
islaus side, however, was Miss Long. For
a mile on each side of the river the road
runs through a most picturesque country,
rolling and timbered land, where a good
deal of grading had to be done.
Beyond the river the grading has been
done for ten or twelve miles, and across
Tuolumne and Dry creeks the piles have
been driven and the framework of the
bridges completed, so that all is in readi
ness for pushing the work of tracklaying
as soon as the construction train crosses
the river. At the material yards in. Stock
ton the cars are loaded with rails and ties
and sleepers and spikes and plates and
what not in that line, and these will be
rushed out by Tuesday or Wednesday
morning at the latest, and the Valley Ro&d
will grow in length as no other railroad in
this valley ever grew before.
PRINCIPLE BEFORE PARTY.
Colorado Republicans Will Indorse the
Presidential Electors Pledged to the
Silver Cause.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 23.— A general
desire exists among the ColoradoJßepub
licans to delay the holding of a State con
vention until after the Presidential tickets
are in the field. It is admitted that the
State cannot be held for the Republican
party without a silver plank in the Na
tional platform, and the State Republican
ticket would also be defeated, as it was the
last time, when Waite floated into the
gubernatorial chair through the silver agi
tation.
The managers in this State have a plan
to indorse for Presidential electors the
nominees of the party whose platform is
for free silver, and thus leave clear the Re
publican State ticket to go on its own
merits.
Chairman Howbert has issued a letter
of inquiry to sound the feelings of mem
bers of the State committee on this sub
ject. He proposes that the delegates to
the St. Louis convention be selected with
out the usual formality of a State conven
tion. Commenting on this letter the Re
publican says:
"Under ordinary conditions it is possi
ble that the members of the committee
would consent to allow the executive com
mittee to make the appointment for dele
gates and set the date for the convention,
but much feeling has been aroused
throughout the State regarding the recent
utterances of Senator WoJcott on the Mon
roe doctrine. Several of the committee
who believe they are voicing tlie senti
ments of the great majority of Republi
cans in this State, have written to the
chairman regarding some action being
taken to repudiate the Anglomaniac sen
timents of the Junior Senator. Should a
majority of the state committee decide in
favor of holding a meeting, the. Wolcott
matter will not escape attention."
SHOOT& THROUGH A WIXHOW.
Tiro Women Fatally Wounded by a Cous-
ardly Agsannin.
HOUSTON, Tex., Feb. 23.— John Priest,
a farmer, returned home from this city last
night and found his mother and his wife
dying from gunshot wounds. While they
were attending to domestic duties about
8 o'clock some one fired two charges of
buckshot through the window. The elder
Mrs. Priest was shot through the body
and legs and Priest's wife in the back and
head.
EDGERLY AND HIS ELIXIR.
A Son-in-Law of Mrs. Davidson
Founds a "Live-Forever"
Society.
Claims to Have Discovered a "Glome"
Which Will Insure Perpe
tual Life.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 23.— Again are the
notorious ''Lawyer" Edgerly, once of
Lynn, Mass., and Mrs. Mary A. Davidson,
now under arrest in San Francisco for
blackmailing, brought to the attention of
the public by Edeerly's establishment of a
new sect, the underlying principles of
which are unbounded confidence in Ed
gerly and his profession that he has found
the secret of living forever. The sect calls
itself the Ralston Health Club, and, some
times, the Live-Forever Club. Edgerly is
also the proprietor of Mariyn College and
the Martyn Press Association, both of
which are branches of the Live-Forever
Club. Edgerly's headquarters are at 1231
G street, "Washington, D. C.
To become members of the club one
must buy Edgerly's books. They are 149
in number, and the set costs $300. The
books deal in generalities, after the man
ner of "Motor" Keeley, and tell of a new
substance called "glome." discovered by
Edgerly. and which is contained in the
atmosphere. Only the truly good can ob
tain ft, says Edgerly.
Edgerly also runs the Martyn College of
Oratory. Here, he says, he discovered the
wonderful "glorhe." He says his sect has
110,000 members, and that their member
ship cost them $300,000. This money, he
says, is used in experimenting and in
propaganda. It is a fact that he receives
lar^re quantities of mail.
Fifteen years ago Edgerly was one of the
most prominent lawyers in Massachu
settes. Then he married Cora Davidson, a
daughter of the woman held in San Fran
cisco, with whom he lived two years.
Later he secured a divorce and was dis
barred. Then he resumed his relationship
with his mother-in-law, and was associ
ated with her up to the tune of her leav
ing Chicago for San Francisco.
Stiirhlf of an Aged. Minister.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 23.— The oldest
Baptist preacher in the State, Rev. Henry
Alaher of Powells Valley, committed sui
cide last night. He would have ben 100
years old in June, and uas been a minister
ever since he was 25.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JAMESON'S MEN
REACH ENGLAND
Transvaal Freebooters Not
Given an Enthusiastic
Greeting.
SENT TO THEIR HOMES
Widely Divergent Stories of the
Fight Told by the Captive
Troopers.
SAY THEY SLEW MANY BOERS.
They Claim the Republic's Defenders
Lost 182 Men — Uitlanders Bit
terly Denounced.
PLYMOUTH, Eng., Feb. 22.— The Brit
ish steamer Harloch Castle, from Port
Natal January 28, arrived here at 3:30
o'clock this morning, having on board 108
troopers, who took part in Dr. Jameson's
raid into the Transvaal and who were
compelled to surrender to the Boers.
These men were turned over to the
English authorities by the Boer Govern
ment, and the former ordered that they
be brought to England. The otticers of
the expedition, including Dr. Jameson,
are on the transport Victoria, which is ex
pected to arrive some time during tho
night. Among the men on the Harlocb.
Castle six were sick.
Shortly before 11 :30 o'clock a tender
went alongside the llarioch Castle. The
troopers were all mustered on the deck of
the steamer and their transfer to the ten
der was quickly accomplished. It was
thought that much enthusiasm would be
displayed on their arrival here, as there is
scarcely a doubt that their raid, illegal
though it was, caused much popular aa
niiration in England.
The fact did not bear out expectation.
There was no crowd present 10 witness
their disembarkation from the tender, and
there was no cheering.
A majority of the troopers were attire!
in the police uniform of the British South
Africa Company, but a number of them
wore nondescript garments. Overcoat*
and other clothing suitable to this climate
were supplied to them, and they then looked
far more comfortable than they did in the
early morning. They are a iiardy looking
lot of men. Their ages ranee irom 'JO to
35 years. Many of them belong to some
of the first families in England, having
gone to South Africa, where they could do
work. Had they worked here it would
have caused them to bo looked down upon
by their acquaintances.
The representative of the United Piesa
interviewed a number of the men. Their
stories of the right, which ended in their
surrender at Krugersdorp, varied widely.
Some of them stated that when they sur
rendered to the Boer force their ammuni
tion had been exhausted, while others
declared that there was no lack of aniiuu
nition.
They all agreed that the Boers lost from
170 to 200 men killed, though this has been
denied by the Boers themselves. One of the
complaints that has been repeatedly made
against the Boers' method of warfare i 3
that they will not face their foes in the
open, hiding behind trees and rocks and
in gullies and picking off the enemy with
out themselves being seen. If they fol
lowed this method in theirattack on Jame
son's force— and it has been repeatedly
stated that they did — it is hard to under
stand how their loss could have been na
heavy as the troopers claim. One of the
men, however, said that he had seen the
otlicial Boer return of their dead and it
showed that 182 were killed.
In one particular all the troopers were
in hearty agreement and that was in de«
nunciation of the Uitiandtrs of Johannes,
burg, who, they declared, had induced
NEW TO-DAY.
• ~_^S. A man may drssi
I iCi as well as his owa
> ZgL . good taste, jud g\
Js^Zj " ment and the assist!
. jjfci^K^ ance of an artistic
tailor may elect. Hq
laisawvvllS^ may take his "tubs
mi wB&&/m /B±. as .regularly as tin
JbHBmI X tgflifflß most conscientious
«9mfta I MfflFßj water - cure docto)
BXIHB vH^sP may dictate; but if
BHMBBjBLf-CT^" his digestive organi
' MgHEg ■ are out of order, h«
\sSfa3ffl, §3 will have an un<
— WwHl/ c 3 wholesome appear.
ZfttfMjfißjffl fin ance. His complex*
jßnSflflS} lH on an( the white of
fISHnsS IS his eyes will have a
mSGRG* fl Hm yellowish cast. His
gffjgllgyaj W^ tongue will b «
coated, appetitq
■T T/ poor, his teeth rusty,
l / / nis breath abomin.
f^JL% 11/ able. He is one big,
jK* \ / unmistakable sign
fi^feiMj^ AVoreVoVan', bia
temper is as uglj
and unwholesome t<l
live with as is his person. A man who ha*
the least appreciation of what he owes hij
family and friends, to say nothing of him.
self, will make an effort for health.
The quickest, surest, easiest way is to
take Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets. Thej
axe made of refined, concentrated vegetable
extracts. . Nothing, in the least harmful
enters into their composition. They hunt
down all impurities, and "make them
move on." They are the product of manj
years' study and practice. Dr. Pierce can.
not afford to put forth a worthless or 9
spurious article. Send for a free sample.
If you would know yourself and the Doctoi
better, send 21 cents in one-cent stamps, to
pay for wrapping and postage only, and get
his Common Sense Medical Adviser — 1008
pages profusely illustrated.
Address, World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
" For sometime I had used Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets for constipation with most satisfactory r ■•
suits. The winters have always been very hard
on my ■ husband. He too tried the ' Pellets.'
They nave made a new man of him. We hava .
used in all, six bottles." Yours truly,
North Parma, Monroe Co., N. Y\2
them to enter the Transvaal and then did
not dare to raise a ringer to help them,
tnough they (the foreien residents) had a
large and well armed body jf men, which,
if it had been sent to Jameson's aid, would
have put an entirely different face on the
affair. The men were very bitter in their
expressions against the Johannesburgers.
. Shortly after the troopers had been
landed they were supplied with railroad
ticket* at the expense of the Government
and all were snipped to their homes.
Many of them are irishmen and Scotch
men. Some have large interests in
Ifasbonalftnd ;tnd expect to return to
Booth Africa when quiet is restored
there. A number of the men said that the
pold tielur of the Masboualand Company
would give all of the party a bonus of
£100 in London.
JTA.MEBOX ARRIVES AT LOSrtOS.
TUe, Invader and His Party Closely
tiuarded on ihe Victoria.
LONDON, ESQ., Feb. 23.— A majority of
the Jameson troopers arrived at the Fad
dincton station this evening from Ply
mouth. A moderate-sized crowd was in
the street, but none of its members, even
though they were relatives of the men,
was allowed to enter the station. Most of
the crowd believed that Dr. Jameson and
his party had arrived and they refused to
be disabused.
When the cabs and carriages conveying
the men issued from the station the crowd
cheered lustily. The troopers enjoyed
their reception and waved their hats in
use to the cheers. As they proceeded
eastward, their uniforms attracted atten
tion and large crowds followed the ve
hicles, cheering and roaring for Dr. Jame
son.
There was a big demonstration in Pic
cadilly Circus, where the crowd was so
dense that the carriages proceeded with
dilliculty. There was a great contrast be
tween the reception accorded the men in
London and in Plymouth. The enthusiasm
displayed here showed that Dr. Jameson
is a popular hero in London.
The transport Victoria anchored in the
sound at . midnight. As soon as it was
learned that it had arrived a boat that had
been chartered by the press representatives
put out to it. When the press boat at
tempted to run alongside the transport it
was warned off, the warning being accom
panied by the information that no com
munication would be allowed with the
prisoners.
Several ofticers of the Victoria were on
deck and they were questioned at long
distance regarding Dr. Jameson and his
ofiicers. They declined to give any infor
mation beyond the statement that ail the
prisoners were weli and that Dr. Jameson
\v;is asleep.
The statement was made some days ago
that after Mr. Chamberlain's interview
with Cecil Rhodes the Government had de
cided that it was important to prevent Dr.
Jameson from communicating with any
body before he was delivered to justice,
and had, therefore, dispatched Inspector
Forest. Instead of going to arrest Dr.
■ Jameson the inspector went to Madeira,
where he joined the Harloch Castle and
accompanied it to Eneland. It is learned
that he attempted to "pump" the troopers
on the subject of the raid, but he met with
little success. He did not arrest anybody.
Some of the trooper? here deny the story
that they were without food and water on
their march to Krugeridorp, and thus con
. tradiction if given to tho statement that
they were exhausted through lack of these
. epseutials. and that this was one of the
reasons that leu to their surrender.
The morning papers will publish to
morrow column after column of stories
told by the men who came to England on
the Harloch Castle. These stories contain
little but what has already been cabled by
the United J're=s. Some men declare that
l>r. Jameson did not receive the order
from the Colonial Office instructing him to
return to British territory until after the
righting with the Boers had commenced.
As soon as the order was received the
white flag was raised by the British as a
token of surrender.
STAMt BY KJiVGEIi.
Boers Deny the Rumor of a riot Against
the President.
JOHANNESBURG, Soith Africa, Feb.
2.; — The Standard says that all the stories
of an anti-British movement, having for
it^ object the deposition of President
Krugc-r when he goes to England in re
sponse to the invitation of Mr. Chamber
lain, the British colonial secretary, are
false. The paper adds that the reports are
resented.
The Rand and Pretoria are joining hands
over the Viedendorp disaster, in which so
many persons lost their lives through a
dynamite explosion, and the race feeling
has almost vanished. The Boers and
Uitlander^ are co-operating in their
efforts to help the sufferers. Fifteen hun
<lr->ii persons who were rendered destitute
by the explosion will have to be provided for
for a long time. The fund of £100,000 that
has been raised for the relief of the suffer
ers is inadequate.
A Ha m. ,)'d Omnnn Acquisition.
LTFHoNT. Portugal, Feb. L 1:;. —In the
Chamber of Deputies fo-day Senor Car
valho inquired as to the truth of a report
that the territory on the bank of the
Cateme River, opposite Lourenzo Mar
ques, Ea<t Africa, had been conceded to a
German named Eiffel, who had sold
the concession to Germany. The Govern
ment deferred its reply.
Relief for the Suffering.
CAPETOWN, South Africa. Feb. 23.—
The Government of Cape Colony has sub
scribed £1000 for the relief of the suffering
caused by the explosion of dynamite at
Viedendorp in the Transvaal.
WAR FOR SUPREMACY.
Missouri Democrats to Fight the Finan
cial linttlr to a linishx .
ST. LOUIS. Mo.; Feb. 23.— A1l efforts at
harmonizing the conflicting elements of
the Missouri Democracy have been aban
doned, and the war for supremacy be
tween the silver and the "sound" money
wings has begun in earnest. A circular
signed by leading Democrats throughout
the State was sent out to-day, calling for a
meeting of "sound" money Democrats in
this city next Saturday. * The circular's
closing sentence reads:
"This meeting is to dceide upon and pro
mulgate a declaration or belief and a line
of action for those Democrats who do not
subscribe to the free, unlimited and inde
pendent coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1, 'and who will not be read out of
their party in consequence thereof, nor be
deprived of the right of expressing their
convictions."
SCUyjCIJtEH WILL HE JTAJfiGED.'
The Slayer of Deputy Sheriff liuggan
J-'ound Guilty.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 23.— The
rase of Arthur Schneider for killing He"r
man Schrasder was given to the jury
Thursday night but a verdict was not
agreed on until this afternoon. Two of the
jury held out for a qualified verdict while
ton were for hanging. Judge Ferguson
hud the jury locked ftp last night and
finally the two jurors gave in.
The killing of Schraeder was a cold
blooded murder. Recently Scn*heider mur
derpusly assaulted Deputy Sheriff Duggan,
from the effect of which Duggan died a few
uays afterward.
WILLIAM TALKS
TO HIS PEOPLE
Adulation of His Grand
father the Burden of
His Speech.
DUTY OF THE NATION.
Must Preserve the Hallowed
Memory of the Great Emperor
Against All Comers.
NAVAL INCREASE AGITATION.
Dr. Peters, the African Explorer,
Heads the Movement to Extend
Germany's Possessions.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 23.— The Em
peror favored the nation with two of his
characteristic oratorical performances last
week. The first and most notable one was
given on Thursday, upon the occasion of
the annual dinner given by the Governor of
Brandenburg to the Brandenburg Diet, a
function which his Majesty always erraces
with his presence and piatitudes. On this
occasion, apropos of the silver jubilee of
the empire, the Kaiser, after making
flowery and sentimental reference to
heaven's special grace to the empire and
the imperial house, proceeded to inculcate
in the minds of his hearers the lesson of
the duty of the nation in the future.
"What we have witnessed," said his
Majesty, "and what has been effected we
owe solely to the great EmDeror William
and his trust in God. All the celebra
tions in commemoration of the victories of
the German arms which were held in 1895
culminated in the glorification of his per
sonality, which becomes nothing less than
holy to us. It is our sacred duty to pre
serve his personality and hallowed mem
ory against all comers."
The Kaiser's adulation of his grand
father has never run to greater lengths
than upon this occasion, nor has his ex- ]
elusion of all reference to Prince Bismarck
and the ex-Chancellor's co-workers in the
foundation of the empire been more j
marked. Nevertheless, his Majesty's ut
terances were dutifully and fervently ac- I
claimed. The address delivered by the
Emperor upon the occasion of his swear- i
ing in of the naval recruits at Wilhelms
haven on Friday was modeled after his re
marks upon similar occasions in the past, i
Speaking of the German navy the Kaiser j
said that although it was small, as com- I
pared with ihe navies of some of the other i
powers, it was still in progress of growth. '
The absence from his remarks of anything
more encouraging to the hopes of the
Chauvinists than the foregoing utterances
caused great disappointment, and espe
cially to those who are exerting every pos
sible effort to extend the colonial posses
sions of Germany. Those standing fore
most in the endeavor to forward Germany's
colonial interests, led by Dr. Peters, the
African explorer, have entered into an aei
tation for an unlimited increase of the
German navy.
The annual meeting of the Berlin branch
of the German Colonial Association
elected Dr. Peters president of the asso
ciation, ousting Prince Arenburg, whose
loyalty to the colonial cause, combined
with his moderation, has commanded gen
eral respect for him. The expanding fer
vor of the colonial enthusiasts, however,
demanded a more energetic and pushing
leader, and their views have found an ex
ponent in Dr. Peters, who is a fanatical
advocate of a greater Germany and a
policy of persistent agitation for the in
troduction in the Reichstasr of a navy bill
demanding a large increase of ships, men
and guns, and it is widely believed that
his course is prompted, at least indirectly,
by the Emperor.
Some of ttie speakers in the budget com
mittee which was dealing with the colonial
estimates last week strongly condemned
the attitude assumed by Dr. Peters. His
defenders in the committee attempted to
explain away some of the objections to
him, but they were met with criticisms
which they could not combat.
Some of the doctor's critics reminded
his defenders that the Government was
paying Dr. Peters 000 marks a year for do
ing nolh'nc, while he was spending his
leisure time in agitating a policy to which
the Ministers of State were nominally op
posed. On the evening following this dis
cussicn in the committee, Dr. Peters, ad
dressing the Berlin branch of the German
Colonial Association, justified his attitude
ana declared that he had been prompted
in his course by Duke John of Mecklen
burg-Schwerin, the president of the Ger
man Colonial Society, who, he said, -had
informed him that since the society had
thrown its whole energy into the Transvaal
question it was bound to support the Em
peror in his efforts to strengthen the power
of the nation bey.ond the eeas. Therefore,
he said, the central committee would
make the question of increasing the navy
the leading plank in its platform.
The National Zeitung in au article on
the subject warns the colonial agitators to
leave the question of increasing to the
Reichstag, where it belongs. The Boreen
Zeitung asserts that the colonial depart
ment of the Foreign Office has written a
letter to Dr. Peterß, pointedly drawing his
attention to his duiea as an imperial offi
cer on half pay.
Whatever may be the private aspira
tions of the Empero/ and his Ministers
there is very little prospect that the agita
tion of the colonial party will be success
ful in moving the public, which at present
continues to be satisfied that it i 6 suffi
ciently taxed to meet the expenditures in
volved in maintaining the army. Even if
extensive ship-building were meditated by
the Government the German yards would
be unable to undertake the work, as they
are already fully occupied with work
which will keep them going at their full
capacity for two years to come.
A branch of the German Colonial Soci
ety was inaugurated in Hamburg on Feb
ruary 21 with great eclat. Duke John of
Mecklenburg-Schwerin presided, and reso
lutions were passed declaring that an in
crease of the number of German cruisers
was imperatively necessary. Hundreds of
applications for membership were received
at the meeting.
Prince Bismarck received at Friedrichs
ruhe on Saturday a deputation of Conserv
atives ana others, styling themselves the
parties of law and order, from the Saale
district. The ex-Chanoellor was in his
usual health, and, in reply to an address
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY <24, 1896.
presented him by the deputation, reviewed
the eve.itsof the Franco-Prussian conflict,
an epoch, he s*ud, which was unavoidable
as paving the wa3 T for ulterior achieve
ments. He was rejoiced, he said, to see
that the parties representing law and order
were co-operating with the Government to
complete what had been gained by the war
of 1870 instead of forming into separate
factions.
The members of the Bundesrath who
held % banquet on Thursday evening to
commemorate the founding of the empire,
wired to Prince Bismarck a message of cor
dial congratulation.
The representative of the United Press
learns that editorials on the Transvaal sit
uation published in the New York Sun
have greatly pleased the Emperor, who
mentioned them in a private conversation
with J. B. Jackson, United States Charge
d'Affaires, at a recent court function.
Clippings from the Sun upon the Trans
vaal and other subjects are submitted to
the Kaiser almost daily.
Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, military at
tache to the United States embassy in
London, who passed through Berlin about
ten days ago on his way to Kiel, is ex
pected back here in a day or two in re
sponse to a request from the Emperor,
who learned of the colonel's presence in
Berlin only after he had started for Kiel.
Mr. Ludlow has been inspecting the
Corinth canal in obedience to orders from
the Washington Government, and went to
Kiel under similar instructions for the
purpose of surveying the Baltic-North Sea
canal.
In consequence of the experiments with
the Roentgen rays, enabling the reading
of the contents of inciosed letters, a Ber
lin chemist is making experiments with a
substance for the manufacture of envelopes
which would be impervious to the rays.
Lack of generosity on the part of the
former friends of Baron yon Hammer
stein, the former Conservative leader and
editor-in-chief of the Kreuz Zeitung, who
is now in jail here undercharges of forgery
and embezzlement, is being* severely criti
cized. They have not even paid into the
court the trifling sum which would enable
him to obtain his meals from a common
restaurant pending his trial, and in con
sequence he has been compelled to eat the
ordinary prison fare.
A French ex-officer, who while a pris
oner of war in 1870 came into contact with
Hammerstein, has interested himself in
behalf of Hammerstein and his family.
He has provided Hammerstein's wife and
children with quarters and also provided
them with food and money. He has also
paid into court the sum of 200 marks for
the purpose of furnishing Harameratein
with meals from a restaurant outside the
prison, and in a letter accompanying the
money mentions his grateful memory of
the kindness he received at the hands of
Hammerstein and others while he was a
prisoner in the hands of the Germans.
The Socialist newspapers declare that if
the Diet of the kingdom of Saxony passes
the election bill which is now before that
body the Socialist Deputies in the Saxon
Diet will resign their mandates and with
draw from the chamber.
FLtASED THE EMPEROR.
Resolutions of the German Colonial So-
ciety Are Well Received.
HAMBURG, Germany. Feb. 23.— The
branch of the German Colonial Society
which was inaugurated here Friday
adopted a resolution declaring that an in
crease of vessels in the nayy — particularly
cruisers for the protection of German com
merce and colonial interests — was neces
sary. The resolution was telegrapned to
Emperor William, who, in reply, said he
hoped the society would succeed in gain-
ing the widest recognition of the necessity
of soon having adequate protection for the
country's trans-marine interests.
LOST PROM A STEAMER
Banker Ladenburg of New York
Disappears From the
Niagara.
It Is Believed He Ventured on Deck
During a Storm and Fell
Overboard.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23. -The Ward Line
steamship Niagara, which arrived this
morning from Cuba via Nassau, reports
that one of her passengers, A. Laden burg,
aged 37, a banker, was missed from the
' ship on. the morning of the 20th and no
trace of him could be found. He was a
passenger from Nassau and was a member
| of the lanlring-house of Ladenburg, Thal
j man & Co. of this city.
Mr. Ladenburg, who was in ill health,
I left here five week 3 ago for Tampa, Fla.
| He sent a telegram to his wifeon lastTues
l day stating that he was to sail on the same
I day. He had written to her previously
j that his health was noc improved.
Mr. Ladenburg disappeared between 11
v. h. Wednesday and 6 a. m. Thursday last.
How he was lost is a matter ot conjecture,
as he was not seen on deck during that
time.
The Niagara left Nassau at 6 o'clock on
the evening of the 18th. Mr. Laden burg
had just gone aboard. He was in pood
spirits aad seemed well. That evening he
ate dinner and retired early. During the
night the vessel ran into a severe south
west gale. A heavy sea tossed it about
considerably and Mr. Ladenburg, when
called for breakfast the following morn
ing, said he w.as sick and desired no break
fast. All that day he remained in his
room, except for a few short vi-its to the
smoking-room and deck. On these occa
sions he was accompanied by ri. C. Howes
of Howes & Smith, fruit dealers of Phila
delphia.
Mr. Laden burg did not eat anything all
day Wednesday, and retired to his state
room about 7 o'clock in the evening.
At 6 o'clock the following morning Stew
ard Evans went to Mr. Ladenburg's room,
but could not get in. The purser was no
tified and the door was forced. Mr. La
denburg was not there. A thorough
search of the vessel was then made, but
no evidence of his whereabouts was found.
Mr. Howes, described as the personal
friend of Mr. Ladenburg, went to Phila
delphia On an early train.
It is the. belief of Mr. Ladenburg's fam
ily that he ventured out on the deck dur
ing the stormy weather and fell overboard
into the sea. Mr. Ladenburg is survived
by a widow and one child.
Jilt. BALIiWIM HEXTBNCKB.
Will Serve Ten I'eara in I'riaon for the
Killing of Wade -Edson.
UNION SPRINGS, Ala., Feb. 23.-Dr.
Button Baldwin, a prominent young phy
sician, whose family stands very high la
Alabama, was convicted of murder here
yesterday and sentenced to ten years in
the penitentiary.
Baldwin killed young Wade Edson at
Fitzpatrick last month. They were rivals
for the favors of a pretty, schoolgirl and
one night Edson heard Baldwin saying
something to her disparaging to him.
Edson called Baldwin to account, a quar
rel ensued and Edson was shot. He died
a few minutes afterward with his head in
the young woman's lap.
Send your change of business or residence to
Crocker-Langley Directory, i:is Bush at. •
FORCES LINED UP
AT FRANKFORT.
The Repeal Bill Battle Will
Begin in the Senate
To-Morrow.
HUNTINGTON IS ACTIVE.
His Followers Promised Re-en
forcements for the Open
Conflict.
AN APPROPRIATE VALENTINE.
Collis as a Gold -Stuffed Pelican
Endeavoring to Influence
Members.
FIIANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 23.— The
Southern Pacilic lobby has not been in
creased, but since the admitted pool of the
lobbies of all big interests it is sufficiently
large, and is reaching out in all directions
and is doing everything possible to bring
about the defeat of the bill. The fact that
the Senate is bound to reach the bill on
Tuesday, has made the Huntington people
industrious, and they are now squirming
under the dread of having to meet the
friends of the repeal bill in open conflict.
Ke-enforcements from the Huntington
people are expected to arrive before Tues
day night.
A good deal of merriment has been oc
casioned by the receipt by legislators of a
valentine got up by friends of repeal.
It represents Huutington as a pelican,
loaded with gold and with a large chunk
in his long beak, coming to defeat the
repeal bill.
When the move was made Friday to ad
journ till 10 o'clock Monday morning it
met with general approval and soon alter
the adjournment a greater part of the
members of both houses were at the depot
waiting for the train. Night found few of
them on hand except those who were to
represent the legislative branch of the Gov
ernment at Judge Grace's funeral. The
lone recess gave every member an oppor
tunity of getting home except those who
live in the counties along the upper part
of the Big Sandy, who cannot r^ach home
from the nearest railroad station under
two duys' ride.
Home or not, all went with few excep
tions, and it is not likely that the Monday
morning session will tind anything like
full houses on hand. Pairs have been ar
ranged, however, and as far as the Sen
atorial race is concerned nothing nev^s
likely to occur. Not so with other meas
ures, however, and of this Messrs. Goebel,
McChord and other friends of the repeal
bill knew what they were doing when they
had the repeal bill made the special order
for 3 o'clock Tuesday afternoon instead of
Monday, or letting it take the chance of
being called Bp by the otiier Bide when
they saw, or thought they saw, an oppor
tunity of making a point.
There is no longer-headed man or better
tactician in any State Senate than William
Goebel of Kentucky. He well knew Fri
day, after letting the game of calling up
bills out of the regular order go on till
nearly the last moment, and then getting
things hisown way, that Monday's session,
and Tuesday morning's, too, for that mat
ter, would lack the presence of a gooa
many of the mountain and back-county
members, who are not attorneys for the
L. and X., or the O. and 0., or the C. O.
and S. W., and whose votes are sure to be
with him, while those from the towns
along the railroads would be there surely.
So the Senator took no chances, but set
the bill at an hour that would give the
last dallier a chance to put himself on
record. The other side did not at first see
through Goebel's game, and when they
did they were rather nettled.
They will improve every^occasion for
work during the recess; but the boys have
bo scattered that they can only follow
those who go in flocks, like the Louisville,
Covington and Lexington delegations.
They will not waste their time, however,
but will follow those within reach and
work with them.
It has been remarked that Mr. Hunting
ton in his testimony before the Congression
al committee stated the other day that the
Southern Pacific. Company kept an office
for business in the State of Kentucky, yet
no one is to be found wno knows of such
an office anywhere in this State. The
Louisville City Directories since 1884 havo
been pone over again and there not only is
no office place given, but the company's
name is not even mentioned in any of the
issues.
Mr. Huntington— or rather M. E. Ingalls,
nominal president of the Chesapeake ana
Ohio, presumably acting by hi 3 orders —
has been making some shiftings in the
several general offices oi that road, and it
is said to be ready to meet the require
ments oi the anti-foreign railroad bill
lately passed through the Senate by Mr.
Goebel. This may or may not be the case,
but it looks like it. For instance, the claim
department of nearly 450 miles of road in
the State of Kentucky is removed to Rich
mond, Virginia — 400 miles away from
Frankiort.
They expect to meet the letter of the
Goebel bill, but they are already preparing
to defeat the spirit and intent thereof, for
you may be sure that few Kentucky claim
ants against Mr. Huntington's Kentucky
road will get a free pass to Richmond to
obtain a settlement.
This move has been noticed, and you
may not be surprised to see some steps
taken by the Legislature to insure more
practical results from their acts in this
matter than are likely to be had if Mr.
Huntington is allowed to do as he pleases.
Goebel and McChord have on their mo
nopoly lighting clothes this session, and if
Mr. Huntington comes under that head he
had better be careful.
JUSTICES AS I'ALL-BEAREBS.
Funeral Rites Performed Over the Body
of Mrs. Waite.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23.— The
funeral services over Mrs. Amelia C.
Waite, widow of the late Chief Justice of
the United States, were held this after
noon at the residence, 1616 Rhode Island
avenue. They were simple and impres
sive, consisting of the Episcopal ritual,
read by Rev. Dr. Walbridpe, former rector
of the church, in Toledo, of which the late
Chief Justice and his family were mem
bers before they removed to Washington,
ana Rev. Mr. Hilliker, assistant rector of
| Epiphany Church, of which the deceased |
was a member. The closing prayer was
made by Rev. Dr. McKim, rector of
Kphiphany. Just before .the prayer Mr.
(.inmths of the Epiphany choir san? Sul
livan's arrangement of <; Rock of Aces."
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices
of the Supreme Court acted as pall-bear
ers. The casket was covered with floral
offerings and the mantelpiece was banked
with others. Interment will be made at
Toledo.
WILL VISIT A. HE It IC A.
it Hu,,,, Chang Acceptt hx-Sccretary
J-'oate.r's Invitation.
WASHINGTON, D. G\. Feb. 23. -Wl en
it was announced some days ago that Li
Hung Chang, the famous Chinese states
man and for many years Viceroy, had been
appointed to represent the Emperor at the
coronation of the Czar and Czarina of
Russia, at Moscow, in May, Hon. John W.
Foster of this city, who was associated
with Li as counsel in the peace negotia
tions with Japan last summer, invited him
to visit the United States en route to Rus
sia.
Mr. Foster has received a cablegram
from Li. acknowledging the receipt of the
invitation and stating that he had decided
to return to China from Russia by way of
Europe and the United States. 'No date
was hxed for his coming, but a visit to
this country may be expected from the
distinguished Chinaman some time dur
ing the summer.
Cleveland Goes^Duck Hunting.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23.—Presi
dent Cleveland left the city at 11 o'clock
to-night on the lighthouse tender Maple
for a day's duck hunting at Quantico. He
was accompanied by four guests, one of
whom was Lighthouse Inspector Lamber
ton and another Colonel Rivers. The
party expects to return to the city at 9
o'clock Monday night.
California's Petition Presented.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23.—Repre
sentative Hilborn has presented to the
House a memorial from the Manufacturers
and Producers' Association of California
and the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce asking Congress to create and ap
point a commission to inquire into the
effects of Japanese competition with Ameri
can manufacturers.
Mother and Son Vast Away Together.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Feb. 23.— Mrs.
Amelia G. Waite died Friday night. She
passed away without being made aware of
the death of her son Christopher at Co
lumbus, Ohio, yesterday. Mr 3. Waite has
been an invalid. Her death was not un
expected. ___^__
WORK FOR THE SENATE
Discussion of the Cuban Ques
tion Will Occupy Most
of the Week.
The House Breaks All Records by
the Early Passage of Appro
priation Bills.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 23.— When
the Cuban resolutions were made the un
finished business of the Senate, a prolific
subject for debate was laid before that
body. The general opinion is that most of
this week will be devoted to that matter.
Mr. Morgan began a speech Friday, in
which he gave the Senate only his intro
ductory. He will probably consume most
of the time Monday and may not conclude
even then.
Mr. White of California will also speak
on the Cuban question the first oppor
tunity be can get; and Mr. Gray, who is
looked on as in a manner representing the
administration, is preparing a speech in
reply to Mr. Morgan.
The Committee on Public Lands will oc
cupy the morning hour during the eariy
part of the week in pressing to a vote the
bill unanimously reported from that com
mittee to provide for the extension of the
time within which suits may be brought to
annul land patents. This is a matter that
has been called to the attention of Con
gress by the President, and there is need
for early action. The bill has already
passed the House, but the Senate commit
tee has made some amendments which
may not meet the approval of the House.
Senator Carter of Montana has changed
the date of his promised speech on his
resolution to recommit the tariff bill from
Monday to Wednesday. It is probable
that after Mr. Carter has explained his
reason for voting recently against Mr.
Morrill's motion to take up the tariff bill
and thus put himself on record, Senators
Teller and Mantle may do likewise.
All of the appropriation bills so far re
ported to the Senate are out of the way.
The army and agricultural bills now be
fore the Appropriatioas Committee will be
reported by the middle of the week, and if
necessary these measures can be called up
so as to consume the balance of the week.
''Early adjournment" is confidently pre
dicted on the House side oi the Capitol.
Six of the thirteen general appropriation
bills have been passed by the House, an
other has been debated and recommitted
with instructions; one is now under con
sideration; one is on the calendar, and
two more are practically finished by com
mittees and ready for the House's action
whenever desired". In thus disposing of
the.°e bills the present House has broken
all records for the long session.
SEltriCElf OTJSR HA.RTi£R'S BOD I.
Short and linprt-miive Ceremony Con
ducted by a I'eraonal friend.
FOSTERIA, Ohio. Feb. 23.— The body
of the late M. I). Barter was taken to
Mansfield this afternoon. A short and
impressive funeral service was conducted
by Rev. Jarnss Albert Patterson, a per
sonal friend of the deceased. The pall
bearers were Hon. Charles Foster, O. T.
Brown, C. E. Palmer, J. Is. Graham, \V.
H. Bannister and L. Harbaugh. The
regular funeral service will occur at Mans
field and the interment will take place in
that city, the date not yet being deter
mined.
There is no question now but that the
suicide was committed at 5 o'clock in the
morning, as Mrs. Pinet, residing in the
adjoining house and whose room is not
more than forty feet distant, heard a
souna like the report of a gun or pistol at
the time a heavy freight train was passing.
EIGHT DAYS OVERDYE.
Grave Fear* for the Safety of the liritish
Steamer Maristoic.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 23.— The
British steamship Maristow, Captain
Proctor, which sailed from Vera Cruz
February 12 for" this port, is now eight
days overdue and grave fears are enter
tained for its safety by the agents, Fowler
& McVitie.
Shipping-men say it is probable that
the Maristow's machinery haa broken
down and the vessel haa anchored off the
coast. The usual time of passage between
here and Vera Cruz is three days. Several
passengers are on board the Maristow.
GEORGE DAVIS IS HEAD,
He Wat the Attorney - General for the
Confederate Statet.
WILMINGTON, N. C, Feb. 23. —Hon.
George Davis died at 7 o'clock this' morn
ing, aged "t> years. He once represented
North Carolina in the Confederate Senate,
and also was Attorney-General for the
Confederate States. He was one of the
most prominent lawyers of the State
famed for his oratory, and was universally
beloved.
LATEST GOSSIP
FROM GOTHAM
Curiosity as to the Real
Purpose of Carlisle's
Reception.
INTENDED AS A BOOM.
Friends of the Secretary of the
Treasury to Urge Him for
the Presidency.
TAMMANY TIGERS ARE ACTIVE.
Ex-Mayor Gilroy Is Ready to Enlist
Under the Leadership of
Sheehan.
INEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.— Every
Democrat in town, who is even remotely
associated with the active affairs of the
party, has been curious as to the real pur
pose of the reception to be given on Tues
day evening by the Manhattan Club to the
Hon. John G. Carlisle, Secretary of the
Treasury.
It was ascertained yesterday that the
Hon. Calvin Stewart Brice, the Democratic
Senator for Ohio, and other Democrats
with residences in New York City, have
received, along with their invitations to
to this reception,, personal notes intimat
ing that at this reception the possibilities
of Carlisle as a Presidential candidate for
the nomination at Chicago would not be
overlooked. Indeed, some of the personal
notes say outright that this reception to
Carlisle is undertaken for no other purpose
than to boost him along as a Presidential
candidate.
It is not known if Carlisle himself is
aware of what is eoing on. Certain it is,
though, that the Democrats hereabout on
every hand are curious to ascertain just
why the Manhattan Club is about to
throw open its doors to Mr. Carlisle at this
time, especially after three years of indif
ference. Carlisle has been in New York
City scores of times since he accepted the
Treasury portfolio, but on all these occa
sions he has neglected invitations to pub
lic affairs, outside of- a dinner or two of
the Chamber of Commerce.
Ex-Mayor Gilroy. who has been sup
posed in some quarters to be at the head of
a faction which is opposed to the present
management of the affairs of Tammany
Hall, and who was dropped from the ex
ecutive committee of the organization in
1895, said yesterday that he does not recog
nize the existence of Tammany factions,
and that he is ready to do what he can at
any time to assist Mr. Sheehan. Shee
han said that he hoped and expected to
see the ex-Mayor back in the executive
committee soon.
The ex-Mayor and Mrs. Gilroy will leave
on Wednesday for Hot Springs, wheTe
they will spend the month of March for
the benefit of the latter's health.
Fashionable people in New York and
other cities will be much interested in ;he
announcement of the engagement of Miss
Helen Kingsland, a grandniece of Mrs.
William Astor, to Newbold Morris. Miss
Kingsland is a daughter of the late George
Lovatt Kingsland, and she is connected
with many of the best-known families in
New York, Boston, Washington, Phila
delphia and other cities. Miss Kingsland
is a niece of Mrs. Ambrose C. Kingsland
of 135 .fifth avenue, a sister of the late
General Aspinwall and aunt of Lloyd As
pinwall.
Morris is a son of Mr. and Mrs. New bold
Morris and is one of the best-known young
men in New York. He is a brother of Miss
Eva Van Cortland Morris and is connected
with several old New York families.
lime. Bernhardt revived "Phedre"
yesterday noon in Abbey's Theater be
fore a large audience, which was in good
humor at the beginning of the per
formance, but completely exhausted at
its close. The theater was tilled with
women, and apart from the interest of the
play, it was interesting to study those
I that watched it. As the tragedy pro
gressed the young ladies in the audi
torium forgot the bonbons and the old
I ladies polished their opera-glasses nerv
j ously to observe every detail of the great
! French woman's acting.
The only person in the theater who
i showed no signs of menial or physical
i fatigue after the tremendous performance
! was Sarah herself. A moment after she
had fallen dead on the stage Mme. Bern
hardt rose smilingly and bowed again
and again, with every evidence of viva
cious youth, to the enthusiastic plaudits
that rewarded her efforts.
In the tragedy by Racine his great coun
trywoman declares the complete splendor
of her genius. Her performance runs the
gamut of feminine expression, and in the
emotions of love, tenderness, jealousy,
fear, hatred and remorse she has an op
portunity for eloquence in this drama that
is afforded in no other. She gave a per
formance on tragedy yesterday that was
one of the most remarkable matters of the
season, and in the fury of her passion it
seemed that her beautiful voice must be
reduced to bankruptcy of sound.
Postmaster-General Wilson lias shown a
marked interest in the project for the es
tablishing of a pneumatic tube over the
New York and Brooklyn bridge for the
carrying of mail matter between the New
York and Brooklyn postolDces.
It is orobable that the work of laying
the tubes for such service will begin short
ly. I'ostmaster-General Wilson has ap
pointed a commission to visit Burlington,
N. J., where a pneumatic tube is in use,
and make an investigation as to its work
ings, and report to him as to the adapta
bility of such a system in the service be
tween New York and Brooklyn.
DEATH OF MSB. REXUHAWr.
A Sister of the Dowager Daeheim of
Martborouffh Paste* Away.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 23.— Lucy Jen
nings Renahaw, wife of Alfred H. Ren
shaw and daughter of the late Commodore
Cicero Price, died at Troy this morning.
She was a sister of the Dowager Duchess
of Marlborougb, formerly ', Mrs. Hammer
sley, who was born Lillian Price.
PAUL ALLEX PASSES AWAY.
Alcoholiatn Causes the Death of the
Famoutt Charaetrr-
NEW YORK, V. V., Feb. 23.— John
Waldron, known to the theatrical world
as Paul Allen and also known as "The
Mayor of the Ohio River," died at Bellevue
Hospital this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Mr. Wuldroa and been, under treatment
in Bellevue Hospital for alcoholism since
January 29. From day today he grew
worse and the direct cause of death was
heart failure. He was 43 years of age.
His body was taken to the morgue, ana
will probably be buried under the patron
age of the Actors' Fund.
OPPOSE THE RAILWAY VSIOS.
Lodges Withdraw From a Labor League
to Show TJieir Ttianpproral .
PHILAPELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 23.— At the
weekly meeting of the United Labor
League to-day there was a long discussion
relative to the application of delegates
from the American Railway Union for ad
mission to the league. A protest aeainst
their admission was ordered by the repre
sentatives of the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen, on the ground that the Ameri
can Railway Union was interfering with
the older trade organizations connected
with railroad service.
Delegates of the American Railway
Union who were present said the union
had no wish to interfere with the other
societies, but that its object was to benefit
the condition of every class of railway em
ployes. It was decided finally by a large
majority to admit the delegates, and as a
result three local lodges withdrew from
the organization.
PERSISTS IN PREVARICATING.
May Smith Tells Another Untrue Story
Regarding the. Bryan Murder.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 23.— May
Smith, who has recently endeavored to
gain notoriety by her statements in the
Pearl Bryan case, came to the front again
to-day with another story, to the effect that
she had absolute knowledge of the fact
that one of Pearl Bryan's sisters hart
knowledge of her coming to Cincinnati,
knew for what purpose she was coming
and assisted in concealment of the facts.
Inquiry made at Greencastle to-night
brought a telegram saying there was no
truth whatever in May Smith's statement
and that it wa3 false from start to finish.
HARRISON'S COMIXG MARRIAGE.
Plans Will lie Made Public as boon a»
They Are Perfected.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.— General
Harrison is still at the Fifth-avenue Hotel,
and will probably remain in the city for
the next ten days. He denies himself to
all callers except a few personal friends.
He spent most of the day quietly in the
hotel and in the afternoon called upon
Mrs. Dimmick. Again in the evening ha
visited her in her home in East Thirty
eighth street.
E. F. Tibbetrs, the ex-President's pri
vate secretary, said to-day that General
Harrison, as soon as he had completed hia
plans for his marriage, would make public
the arrangements, but until then he wished
to avoid all publicity.
JFUXERAL OF BILL JSTE.
TJie Body of the Hu.morint Will lie In-
terred on Tuesday.
ASHEVILLE, N. C, Feb. 23.— The hour
for the funeral services over the body of
Edgar W. Nye is fixed for 10 o'clock Tues
day morning, and the interment will be at
the Episcopal Church Cemetery at Fletch
ers, twelve miles south of Asheville. Many
telegrams have been received by Mrs. Nye
from people prominent in the literary
world expressing their condolence over her
bereavement.
.Ftt>« Prisoners Break Jail.
WARREN, Ohio, Feb. 23.— Five prison
ers escaped from the County Jail here this
morning by assaulting Turnkey Bartlett
with the arm of an old chair and taking
his keys while he was unconscious. Turn
key Bartlett will recover. The men had
planned the escape, having gone so far as
to improvise cloth ropes to tie the turnkey
if necessary.
Sxvtpt by Floods.
MADRID, Spain, Feb. 23. — Advices
from Las Palmas, Grand Canary, show
that terrific floods have occurred on that
island, destroying houses and crops and
causing much misery among the inhab
itants. The damage is estimated at
$350,000.
On the Korean Frontier.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 23.— A Shanghai
dispatch to a news agency says that 5000
Russian troops are gathering on the
Korean frontier, and that naval prepara
tions of the present Russian Government
continue, a number of steamers having
been chartered.
ELEOTBIO OMNIBUSES.
They Will Sonu He Iluniiiug on tI;
Streets of Berlin.
Now that horse cars have been almost
entirely superseded by electric motor car?,
'bus companies in the European capitals
are becoming uneasy, and are experi
menting with various systems of
electricity to replace horse power.
Thus, the Omnibus Company of Berlin
has recently made a contract with the
Accumulator (storage batte-y) Company
of Hap-en, Westphalia, who have guaran
teed a type of 'bus, lifted with storage
batteries beneath the passenger seats,
which will meet at the requirements for
'bus traffic in a large city. These 'busses
will not run in tracks, but anywhere on
the streets, and are guaranteed to
climb any hill of a grade less than one
foot in ten. The accumulator storage
battery will provide power for four consec
utive hours, and the reloading, which is
done by exchanging the exhausted accu
mulators in the car for others, will take
but from two to three minutes. The only
difficulty at the present moment for the
acceptance of the project in Berlin is the
necessity of creating a large electric power
plant for the purpose of loading and hand
ing the Hagan accumulators. It is very
probable, however, that by next summer
busses propelled by electricity will be a
common sight in the Berlin streets.
One of the largest camellia trees in
Europe is that at Pilinits, near Dresden,
and forms one of the sights of the district.
It was imported irom Japan about 150
years ago, is about seventeen yards high
and has an annual average of 40,000 blos
soms.
NEW TO-DAY.
INTRODUCTORY ©
PRICES! %
Good Only Until February V 29th. ( q
Toboggan Maple Syrup, 1 gal; $100 jq\
Eastern Buckwheat, pure, 10 lbs Ssc ■ l£?
Miners' Best Ground Chocolate, 1 Ib. 20c /K^
Finest Baltimore Oysters, IMb. tin... 18c *g?
Western Washer, with wringer. $5 00 (M
Gold Weignt Pure Spices, Vi 1b....... 10c i^
Best Table Salt. 50-1 b. bag 25c J?
Antonini Oil, best imported — 65c (m
Mincing Knife, new style 10c 2x
60-cent Harmonicas, each 26c \<J?
925 Sewing Machines, each..... ?20 00 jg
25c Goodrich Dress Shields 15c "y^
Ladles' Fine Jersey Rib Vests.. 16c. (M
Best 9-oz. Duck Overalls 60c Ji\
All WaU Paper, 1896 styles, dis. 331/3 C |jv
Largest Western Department ' .;$£
' Store. (%£
Smiths' Cash Store, ©
414, 416, 41 8 FRONT ST., S. F. - (ft
~~~ HEALTH . RESORTS.
THE ST. HELENA AIHII,
* ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular. - ;ABDUL HAMID
CHECKS RELIEF.
Miss Clara Barton Not
Allowed to Visit
Zeitoun.
BARRED BY THE PORTE.
Attempt to Prevent Knowledge
of Recent Horrors From
Becoming Public.
CHIVALROUS ACTS OF TURKS.
Six Subjects of the Sultan Who
Defended an American Woman
Against a Mob.
CONSTANTINOPLE.Ti'rkey, Feb. 23.—
Mis- Clara Barton ami the members of her
Red C ross party are not going to Zeitoun,
owing to the refusal of the Porte to grant
them permission to do so.
The Italian Consul at Zeitoun, the city
which recently surrendered to the Turks,
aiter having been held for months by the
Armenians who captured it, has written
describing the wretched condition of the
people of Zeitoun. Many of them, he
says, are naked. Starvation confronts
hundreds of them, and there is much
sickness. Baron yon Calico, the Austrian
Embassador, has started a subscription for
the relief of the sufferers.
Miss Claim Barton of the Red Cross Soci
ety is eager to go to Zeitoun to help alleviate
the distress of the wretched inhabitants.
Though barred by the Porte, presumably
to prevent the publicity the recent horrors
there would be given should her party be
allowed to go, it is probable that aid will
be sent through her efforts to the Zeitounhs.
She has telegraphed inquiring whether
Marash would be a good place to establish
her bas» of supplies. Marash is only a
Bhort -distance from Zeitoun, and is situ
ated on the very borders of the roughest
country of the Tauris.
It lias been learned that an angry mob
on January 1 made an attack on the Ameri
can mission at Oerfa, an out-station ol
Aintab.
Death or a worse fate might have over
taken the missionary there, Miss Corinna
Bbattuclr, had it not been for the heroism
of six Turkish officials. These men faced
the mob, declaring that they would de
fend the American woman with their lives.
The mob paid little attention to them and
attempted to continue their attack when
the officials fired upon them, scattering
them likp sheep.
Minister Terrell declares that the names
of those men should be known to the
world, for they are heroes. He requested
the representative of the TTnited Tress to
cuMe their names to America and it is ac
cordingly done. They are Rezak Effendi,
Said Effendi, Mustafa Effendi, Habzan Ef
fendi, lssa EfTendi and Durak Effendi.
KNOWN BY THEIR VOICES
Grace Darrell Confident That
She Can Point Out Her
Abductors.
Wi'l Not Reveal Their Names Until
She Is Certa n That No Mistake
Has Been Made.
LEESBDRG, Fla., Feb. 23. -There is
great excitement at Centre Hill over the
abduction and maltreatment of Miss Grace
Darrell, the pretty Chicago girl. Miss
Darrell has regained consciousness and
says that when she went on the veranda
Thursday night some one threw a shawl
over her head to maffla her cries and she
was then taken away. She says there were
four men concerned and thinks she recog
nized their voices. Soon after being
seized she freed her head and screamed*!
Then she was knocked senseless. When
she regained consciousness she was nude
and tied to a tree.
< >vercome by horror, she soon relapsed
into the unconscious state in which she
was found. While Miss Darrell thinks
she knows her abductors, she has not yet
mentioned their names, as she says she
may be mistaken, and she does not want
innocent men lynched.
It is believed that the outrage was com
mitted by four young men whose ad
dresses the girl rejected, and who, it is
alleged, threatened to be revenged.
It developed to-day that Miss Darrell
has recently received a number of anony
mous letters of an obscene nature, and it
is alleged tiiese letters were written by
the young men suspected of the abduction.
HELD UP NEAR SAN JOSE
A San Francisco Man Relieved
of His Money on the
Los Gatos Road.
Convivial Companions Seize a Hand
kerchief Containing the Coin
and Dash Away.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— A man giv
ing the name of Henry Findley reported
to the police last night that he had been
robbed of $22 by two men with whom he
liad become acquainted earlier in the
evening on the lx)s Gatos road. Findley,
who claims San Franrisco as his home,
says he started to walk from Los 3atos to
San Jose yesterday morning. He had not
walked very far when he was overtaken by
a man in a cart and invited to ride. They
had some drinks together, and at a road
side saloon were joined by a third man.
After consuming considerable liquor the
three men started for this city. 1 hey
passed a beer wagon and Findley pur
chased three bottles of beer. Findley
could not make change and borrowed the
money from one of the other men to pay
for it-
The party then drove to a creek and
firarsk the beer. The man who had loaned
Findley the change demanded his money
and Findley pulled out a handkerchief in
which he ha ( $22. The man who owned
the cart grabbed the money and ran.
Findley refused to run after the man and
took possession of the cart. The man who
had the money then came back, and dur
ing a wrangle that ensued both of Find
ley's new found friends jumped into the
cart and drove off.
SJiyTA CLARA'S WATER WORKS.
The Town Well Supplied for Household
and J-'ire Purposes.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 23.— The town
water works at Santa Clara^are completed
and as fast as connections can be made
the service to householders will begin.
The total cost of the water worts is
$st\ooo. The water is supplied by four
artesian wells, each 225 feet deep. The
water is pumped by two pumps, with a
capacity of 50,000 gallons per hour each,
into four tanKs placed on a steel tower 80
feet high.
The total capacity of the four tanks is
Isu.ikjO gallons. There are sixteen miles of
mains, the size of the pipe varying from 12
to 2 inches. The town is supplied with
fifty-three hydrants, lifteen of which are
double— that is, two Hues of hose can be
attacked ta each hydrant. From the
tanks there is a pressure in the mains of
between 40 and 50 pounds, but wiih the
pumps working a pressure of between 125
to 200 pounds to the square inch maybe
obtained. This affords a good protection
front tire.
In erecting the plant the Board of
Trustees provided sufficient boiler capacity
so that in time the town can purchase an
enpine and dynamo and operate a city
lighting plant.
Interesting Shooting Contest.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 23.— An interest
ing shooting match was Held at Schuetzen
Verein Park yesterday afternoon. The
conditions of the shoot were that each
contestant should tire 100 shots at a Ger
man target at 300 yards. Thire was a large
number in attendance. A. M. Barker, Ed
Hubback and Dr. Bangs made tiie best
scores. Out ot a possible 2600 Barker
made 2041. Hubback's score was 1907, and
Bangs made 1329.
Churyeil H ith Insanity .
SAN JOSE, Cm-., Feb. 23.— F. H. Laws,
a laborer, was arrested last evening on a
charge of insanity sworn to by H. Franks.
Laws has been employed on Franks'
ranch, on the Stevens Creek road, and of
late has been acting in a peculiar manner.
THE COLVILLE STAMPEDE
Many Exciting Scenes and Inci
dents Attend the Rush to
the Gold Fields.
Hundreds of Claims Recorded but
Operations Prevented by the
Snow.
SPOKANE. Wash., Feb. 23.— Parties are
just in from that portion of the Colville
Reservation, lately opened, and many
stories are told of the grand rush and ex
citing incidents thereto. The part opened
has for several years been known to con
tain some of the richest ledges in the
Northwest, and as every one of these
ledges were known to dozens of different
men the race when the word was received
that the President had signed the bill was
most exciting.
Fully 200 men were at Marcus, the near
test point to the Kettle River section, and
ns many at other points across the river
I from the reservation.
One hundred and forty claims have al
i ready been located at Colville and forty
! eigfct at Xorth Port. Among these is one
| found twenty years ago by Walter (.ialla
j gher, who has waited all these years to lo
; cate what he claims to be one of the rich
est mines yet discovered. The samples
j are very rich, and if it turns out as sur
face croppiiigs indicate, it will rival some
of the Cripple Creek mines.
As yet there is a lot of snow in the hills.
and little attempt is being made at pros
! pecting. Only those have gone in who
knew the ledges.
CHASED A. HVROIj-AR.
He Fires Two Shots. Stops His Pursuers
and Escapes.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 23.— During
the absence of Druggist T. F. Phillips and
family from home this evening a burglar
entered their house at Seventh and P
streets and stole a pistol and other articles.
A young lady who lives next door saw
him getting out of a window and called to
a couple of young men near by, who chased
the flee ing burglar a couple of blocks.
Then he turned and fired two shots at
them and they let him go.
A TRAGEDY AT SEATTLE.
J. M. Snyder, a Restaurant-
Keeper, Shot by a Drunken
Waiter.
The Fellow Then Tried to Kill Him
self, but Was Prevented by
a Spectator.
SEATTLE. Wash., Feb. 23. — Robert
Dolan, a waiter in the Eutopia restaurant,
shot, inflicting possibly a fatal wound, J.
M. Snyder, proprietor of the place, and
then attempted to take his own life, and
because M. /'helps, a witness to the
tragedy, endeavored to prevent him from
committing self-murder, the gun-wielder
fired at his would-be protector.
The shooting occurred about 11 o'clock
In the restaurant. Ptielps, by reason of
Dolan'a bad rnurkmanship, was not
harmed, and after a desperate struggle he
succeeded in taking the revolver— the
weapon used — from the bloodthirsty
waiter.
An hour before Dolan took an order, but
instead of serving the patron he went out
and proce?ded to get drunk. The proprie
tor sought him and remonstrated with him
about the manner in which he was neg
lecting business.- Returning to the restaur
ant, DoJan said, "If you are going to make
trouble about the matter 1 will kill you."
He then wheeled and fired at Snyder. The
bullet passed into his mouth and lodged
In the neck. •
Maile more desperate by his awful deed,
Doian placed the muzzle" of the revolver,
a HX-calibre, to his temple and was about
to fire when Phelps interfered, only to be
made a target of himself.
With this the would-be murderer and
suicide ran out and secreted himself in a
room of the Laclede House, near by,
where he was arrested half an hour later
by Detective Cudihee.
Snyder is about 30 years old and has a
family. Dolan is 35 and unmarried.
liu iiiiimii at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., Feb. 23.—
What promised to be a very serious runa
way occurred here this afternoon. A
horse driven by Mrs. F. W. Beane took
fright at a train near the depot and ran
several blocks, when it was finally
caught by a carpenter who was working
on a building near which it happened to
pass. Mrs. Beane was thrown out and
her arm was broken* above the elbow, and
she was also badly bruised. Her four
children who were riding with her got
down in the bottom of the buggy and
were uninjured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1*96.
WEYLER'S REIGN
OF BLOODSHED
Cubans Claiming Amnesty
Receive Sword Thrusts
Instead.
CAPTIVES PUT TO DEATH
Authorized Murders Take Place
Nightly in the Spanish
Prisons.
AMERICANS DWELL IN FEAR.
Hope a Warship Will Be Sent to
Havana When Action Is Taken
by Congress.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 23. — General
"Weyler has ordered the military com
manders to make fuller reports in case of
arrests ot political prisoners. He has al-
CAPTAIN-GENERAL WEVLER.
[From his latrxt photvgraph, taken in Spain.]
ready ordered a number of prisoners re
leased, owing to a lack of evidence. Nu
merous arrests, however, continue in all
■parts of the island. Fifty prisoners were
sent to the Isle of Pines last week. The
number of men presenting themselves,
claiming amnesty, is much less since
Weyler's. arrival. It is generally under
stood that Campos' offers of amnesty to
all who lay down their arms no longer
holds good.
An American planter from Santa Clara
informed me that Cubans presenting them
selves in the vicinity of his estate are
quietly shot and no questions asked about
interment next morning.
The press censorship has been removed
in name only. American dispatches tiled
at the cable office are taken to the palace
and edited before being sent. The corre
spondents are unable to learn what parts,
if any, are striken out. brief cables re
ferring to the Senate discussion have pro
duced editorials bitter against the United
States. The Americans here hope a war
ship will be near, on account of the moral
effect, by the time action is taken on the
belligerency question. Clark.
SYMPATHIZERS MURDERED.
Si-jhthj Slaughter in the Cabanas and
Moro Castle.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 23.— Private ad
vices to this city this morning by the
steamer Whitney report that eight or ten
of the Cuban sympathizers imprisoned in
the Cubanas and Moro Castle are mur
dered every night by order of General
Weyler, and, in order to stop this bloody
work, the revolutionary committees of the
city of Havana have issued a manifesto
stating that if it is continued they will
blow up the city with dynamite.
Ao Report of Maceo's Heath.
MADRID, Spain, Feb. 23.— A dispafch
to the Imparcial from Havana says no
official confirmation has been received of
the report of the death of Antonio Maceo.
The rumor of his death was based on the
finding of a saddie bearing his initials
after the fight at Caminito.
NATIOXAIj GUARIt, ATTEATIOX!
Prepare for Emergency Calls and. Drills
and Forced Marches. '
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 23.—Adju
tant-General Barrett is developing into a
bit of a martinet— so think some of the
ease-loving members of the National
Guard of California, who in the past have
at times borne the distinctive title of "tin
soldiers" — but the general has determined
to place the National Guard of the State
on as near a war basis as is possible in
times of peace, and emergency calls and
drills are the order of the day at the pres
ent time.
On March 1 Captain Carrington, in com
pany with the three brigade inspectors,
will make a thorough inspection of all the
belongings of the several companies. This
will by no means be a superficial inspec
tion, but a thorough overnauling of im
plements, uniforms, etc., and all lacking
necessities will be supplied immediately.
As soon as all the companies are equipped
with camp dunnaee, orders will be issued
from time to time for companies to turn
out and make forced marches in various
directions. During these marches the
men will be required to carry their full
equipments, do their own cooking and, in
fact, endure many of ttie hardships en
countered during a regular campaign.
FOOTBALL AT rJCJS'RT^T.
The Oakland* Jteat 111* Enylish Colony
Club IS to 3.
AUBURN, Cal., Feb. 23.— Twenty-five
hundred people witnessed the Rucby
football match this afternoon at the Phalo
grounds, near Penryn. between the Eng
lish Colonys and the Oaklands. Notwitli
standing the day was warm and the ground
hard a very animated game was played.
The Oaklands, or, as the locals claim,- the
combination of California players, were too
heavy for the Colonys and won by a score
of 13 to 3. No one except March Brown
could successfully tackle Percy Morse, and
the famous Olympic halfback scored two
trys and three goals. Ponimeroy, also of
the Oaklands, secured a try. Marsh Brown
made a try for the Colonys, but Simmons
failed to kick the goal.
For the Oaklands Morse, Erskine, Gray,
Arlett and C. Pommeroy playea an excep
tionally good game, and Marsh Brown and
Blair showed up well for tne Colonys.
The Colonys had two men injured, R.
Owen and Lannowe. After the game
Manager Coates dined and wined the Oak
lands at the Colonys' clubnouse.
JOIIX BItOWX'S SUORTAGE.
Port Ant/eles' Deputy Postmaster Used
$1%00 of Government JUoneu.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Feb. 23.—
John Brown, Deputy Postmaster In this
city, who is neld for embezzling postollice
money, is endeavoring to protect Post
master Hooker's bondsmen, who will
have to make good the shortage. Brown
has raised a considerable portion of the
amount he is short, which, according to
the report of Postoffice Inspector Gordon,
is $1200. The inspector says that the for
mer postmaster. J. S. Fenn. was not impli
cated in the affair, which is thought to be
true from the fact that when Postmasier
Hooker took charge of the office Brown
went out and borrowed enough money
from his friends to balance his accounts.
Brown covered up his deficit in his weekly
reports by issuing money orders to ficti
tious persons. These orders, together with
enough cash to cover the amount in his
report, were forwarded to Port Townsend
by special messenger.
It is stated that the money orders were
takes to the Merchants' Bank of that city
and cashed, after which the entire amount
would be forwarded to Seattle. The mes
senger evidently did not understand the
j combination, for on his last trip he did not
have time to«cash the orders in Port Tow
n; send and instead turned them in at the
Seattle office. This was notice to the de
partment that there was something wrong
! here and an inspector was at once sent to
: investigate. Brown also used his reserve
j to cover up his shortage, and many times
has been unable to cash small money or
ders presented for payment. He will
probably be t:iken to Seattle Tuesday by
j Inspector Gordon.
tineakthierra Working Santa Itarbarn.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 23.—
The) house belonging to G. W. Thompson,
j on jßrinkerhoff avenue, was entered by
) sneakthieves some time during Friday
| nigh|t and Mr. Thompson's entire ward
robd was stolen. The overcoat which was
taken was afterward found in a store in
towji, where it hai been sold for $1.
EPITAPHS ON GLASS.
A Sew Kind of Tombstone Adopted by
I'ennaylvauians.
A glass tombstone is certainly some
thing unique. Such a grave-marker stands
in bat one place in the United States, and
that is in the cemetery overlooking the
city of Kittanning. It has but recently
beer set up there over the grave of Mrs.
Elizabeth Pepper of Ford City by her son,
Matthias Pepper. The Kittanning ceme
tery! possesses many natural and artificial
beauties. It Las been handsomely laid
out with winding walks, stately trees and
ornamental shrubbery, and in it are many
pretentious monuments. Not one of the
piled of marble and granite attracts so
mucji attention as the piece of polished
glassi, with its clear inscription, which
stands on a gentle slope falling from the
hilltop. A description of this tomb glass
was given by Judge Joseph Buftington,
who is a resident of Kittanning. Before
his appointment to the bench of the
Initeu States District Court he was coun
sel for the Pittsburg Plate-glass Company,
which made the glass at its Ford City
works.
Mathias Pepper, who hart the glass set
up, is assistant superintendent at tlie Ford
City factory. The piece used as a grave
memorial is part of a larce plate which
was made of unusual thickness for the
construction of circular panes to cover the
portholes of ocean steamships. The piac
tical indestructibility of glass was the
quality which suggested to Mr. Pepper its
use in the cemetery. Marble and granite
seem to many to be almost eternal in their
hardness, but they are far from it, and not
at all to be compared with glass. Wind
and Vain, heat and cold, have their effects
on stone of any kind, and finally wear
away the hardest granite and cause it to
crumble. Go into any old graveyard,
where stones were erected more than
100 years ago, and it will be
found to be the exception where all the
lettering on the monuments can be made
out. The stone has crumbled, and the out
lines have been obliterated. No effect is
produced by the weather on glass. The
Pepper monument is of plate glass one
inch thick, a foot and a half wide and four
feet high. It stands in a mortise cut into a
cube of sandstone. The top of the glass is
arched. The lettering on it is made by
me "sand-blast" process, and is distinct.
The monument bears the inscription:
"In memory of Elizabeth Pepper of
Ford City. Died February 4, 1892. Aged
77 years.
"Also William Pepper. Husband of the
above. Died . Age ."•
From this inscription it may be inferred
truly that William Pepper is "still living.
The Peppers are of English birth, and
came to Ford City years ago directly from
the great Biltinghain glass works in Lon
don. — Pittsburg Dispatch.
The British empire has upward of
2,145,000 square miles, of which only
IL'I,OOO are in the United Kingdom; up
ward of :U<J,OOO,OOO inhabitants, of whom
only 38,000,000 live in the United King
dom ; its revenues amount to $1,160,000 000
of which $555,000,000 are raised at borne.
MARE ISLAND
NAVAL NOTES
The Monadnock, Monterey
and Comanche Ready
for Service.
FORMIDABLE SEA DOGS.
The Cruiser Baltimore to Under
go a Thorough Overhauling
at Once.
COCOANUT FIBER SHOT-PROOF.
Discovery by a French Officer Which
Will Be Utilized on the
Oregon.
VALLfiJO, C\u, Feb. 23.— The cruiser
Baltimore having had her flag hauled
down, is now lying in the stream abreast
of the stone drydock, where she will be
taken in on Monday if the tide serves, to
be scraped thoroughly to determine
whether any of the plates have been pitted
and aJso to have them replaced where
found necessary. It is expected that orders
will soon be received to thoroughly over
haul the cruiser, as it is the wish of the
department to have her in readiness for
duty at the earliest practicable moment.
As the Baltimore floated past the monitor
Monadnock, lying at the wharf, she looked
like a leviathan alongside a pigmy, but it
was the general impression that In this
instance, in case of combat, the pigmy
would soon defeat the leviathan.
Now that the monitor Monadnock is
fully commissioned and ready for sea, with
the Monterey and Comanche for company,
these three low-in- the- water iron sea dogs,
with their long guns pointing from the
turrets, could lie in the roadstead this side
of the Golden Gate and there bid detianoe
to any fleet of foreign shij)B of war that
might with hostile intent attempt to enter.
A delegation from the Naval Keserve
visited the navy yard a few days ago rela
tive to the Comanche being turned over to
the State for use of the reserves. The
monitor is moored in the stream, but be
fore being turned over to the State will be
docked and painted. No alterations at
present will be made in her armament.
Her machinery is all in excellent order
and it has not yet been fully decided
whether she will be fitted with search
lights and electric outfits. The reserves
will find in the Comanche a vessel they
need not be ashamed to have visitors in
spect.
Now that the battle-ship Oregon is so
Bear completion at the Union Iron Works
she may soon be expected at the navy
yard. As the contract called for entire j
completion at the works little may be ex
pected to be done to her by the yard forces.
The question to be solved will be where
ber crew, numbering some 500 people, is
to come from, as the majority of ships
now in commission are in good order and
will require all tfte men they have. The <
invoices of stores to go on board have
"been made out, so that but little time
would be lost in sending the stjres to her
on arriving at the yard and going in com
mission. It is not even hinted at who will
command this great fighting monster of
the deep.
It is not generally known that hundreds i
of sacks of cocoanut fiber were sent from
the yard t<s be placed between the outer
and inner skins oi the Oregon to serve as '<
a protection in case a shot should be lired
through her below the water line. *In put
ting the liber between the steel sheets it is
first trod down, then pressed firm with
cotton screws. The liber is thus used to
keep out water, as the aperture made by
tbe shot would at once close up and take
the place of the wooden shot plug in vogue
for so many years.
The Government, it is said, has to pay
quite a royalty for its use. Its utility was
tirst discovered by a French olHcer aboard
of a French warship lying at Honolulu.
The regular target practice was being
held, the object fired at being a crater of
an extinct volcano. After practice the offi
cer and boat's crew were sent ashore to
gather up the shot for future use. They
went to the north of the volcano, but
could find none of the iron missiles. They
did, however, find immense quantities of
fiber from cocoanuts and plants. Through
this mass they dug and dug, until at last
they were rewarded in finding the shot.
The officer then commenced a series of ex
periments by procuring a lot of cocoanut
liber and having it ground up and packed,
and tested, the result proving that a shot
could be tirea through it and a moment
thereafter no trace of its ingre.ss or exit
could be found.
Aboard the Monadnock and other of
the iron ships the fiber is also used in the
under ceiling of the deck to keep out the
moisture, ana the men from getting the
rheumatism.
The above story is given for what it is
worth, but it is from men coming here
from the Union Iron Works, where they
arc supposed to know, and may be of in
terest to the public.
The commandant of the yard, Captain
Howison, entertained the captain and his
aid from the Italian warship, the Cristo
foro Colombo, a few days ago. The officers
were shown about the yard, the Monad
nock, the drydock, ana every courtesy
was extended becoming the representa
tives of one friendly nation to another,
for all of which they expressed themselves
highly gratified.
The friends here of Lieutenant J. W.
Carlin are pleased to hear of his being at
tached as executive officer of the receiving
ship Her present execu
tive, Lieutenant-Comrr.ander Crocker, has
been detached and placed on waiting or
ders.
On Tuesday evening, in this city, for the
beneiit of the Naval Union, Medical In
spector George W. Woods, U. S. N., in
charge of the Naval Hospital, will deliver
a lecture, his subject being, "The Charles
ton, Her Initial Cruise, and Incidents of
Her Voyagings." The doctor is a pol
ished speaker, and has a fond of interest
ing knowledge pertaining to scenes in for
eign lands, and without doubt will treat
his chosen subject in an interesting man
ner.
The band stand in the park has been
completed and was used for the first
time a few days ago. The umbrella-shaped
sounding-board in the roof gives a fine
effect to the music, as played by the Inde
pendence band.
Fifty-three patients are in the hospital,
all Retting along nicely. Through the
skillful treatment of those in charge and
the wonderfully good constitution of the
patient, Andrew Barr, who had one of his
limbs crushed off by a gun belonging to
the Monadnock, is so far improved that he
will bo out on crutches the coming week.
The gentlemanly apothecary of the
hospital, Stephen St. John, who has been
there for many years, has just* returned
from his wedding trip with his wife (nee
Miss Annie Kane), one of our city's most
estimable young ladies, and they are now
receiving the congratulations of their
many friends.
The planting of the acacia trees in front
of the hospital building in memor}' of its
founder, ex-Surgeon General John Mills
Browne, V. S. N., as already detailed in
The Call, was a graceful tribute to a
worthy otlicer and gentleman.
Many of the trees about the yard are
being cut down, they becoming too thick
for health and comfort. The park, how
ever, will remain undisturbed, and at this
season of the year presents an attractive
appearance and helps to draw many visi
tors, in addition to the attractiveness of
the Land with their new instruments on
band-playing afternoons.
Suit Aij'iin.it Fort Angeles Honda men.
PORT ANGELES, Wash.. Feb. 23.— The
civil case against the bondsmen of ex-
County Treas«rer M. J. Clump will come
up for trial Wednesday in the Superior
Court of this county. Suit is brought to
recover $36,000, which amount, it is
claimed. Clump did not account for in
making his statement with the county.
Nearly $3,000 of this sum was embezzle*!
by Clump and the balance was tied up in
the failure of the First National Bank of
this city. The case will be tried before
Judge Ballinger of Port Townsend, and it
is anticipated there will be trouble in se
curing a jury.
SAUSALITO'S ELECTION
Two Forces Struggling for Su
premacy and a Hot Campaign
Is in Progress.
The Principal Fight Will Be Made
for Town Trustees and
Marshal.
BAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 23.— A great
deal of interest is being taken in the
coming town election at this place. Public
meetings are being held and names sug
gested for the various olh'ces.
The names of George Tasheira, G. Amb
jornsen and M. liannon have been men
tioned for Town Trustees.
For Town Clerk J. H. Pryor, a well
known journalist, seems to have exclu
sive control of the situation. Charles
Dexter, the present Clerfc, has stated that
he will not be a candidate for re-election,
and withdraws from the light in favor of
Mr. Pryor.
The aspirants for ihe position of Mar
shal are as thick as flies in summer. The
incumbent, John B. Creed, intends to run
again and be elected if possible, but the
names of Paul Trouette, Edward Stahle,
Dan Eustace and J. Susavilla are men
tioned for the same position ana each
has considerable influence.
A. Lawrence and Con O'Leary are being
advocated for Treasurer. Mr. Lawrence
occupies the position now.
There are two forces in Sausalito con
tending for supremacy at the town elec
tion, one headed by .). H. Dickinson ana
the other by Commodore Harrison. Both
sides are active, and every man wno has a
right to vote is being urged to reg
ister. Citizens are being made at a
very rapid rate, and Superior Judge
Angellotti of San Kafael has his hands
full" examining foreigners who desire to
support the constitution and vote at the
town election.
The vote is expected to be very heavy, as
many people having homes on the hill are
opposed to the present Trustees on account
of the trouble concerning the roads which
were ordered widened by the Trustees, the
widening of which wouid bring many
fences and yards upon the roads. This
question is going to cut considerable figure
in the election, which promises to be one
of the hottest rights Sausalito has ever ex
perienced.
In ancient illuminations and paintings
! all the evil spirits are represented as clad
in black or dark raiment, while the good
angels, if not robed in pure white, re
joiced in garments of the brightest red, or
blue or gold.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Sloane's"
SPECIAL SALE OF FURNITURE.
We quote for example:
100 Reed Chairs, assorted styles, at
Half Regular Values— prices ranging
from $2.25 to $4.50.
COME AND SEE THEM.
Easy Chairs— elegantly upholstered.
ing-Room Chairs— in Jatest styles.
Dainty Bedroom Chairs. v
. . ALL GRADES OF FURNITURE AT
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. •
, CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
250 Genuine Imported Oriental Bag-
dads, $5.00 each; former price $7.50.
150 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains,
odd lots, to close at Wholesale Cost.
THE CELEBRATED NAIRN LINOLEUM.
Most Artistic Floor Covering made.
40c per square yard, laid, and up-
ward.
r
W. & J> SLOANE & CO.,
Tfr\Ts CARPETS - FURNITURE
"Un . UPHOLSTERY,
30 "DAYS ■" 641-647 Market Street
'.•••""■'. Vr-V^ Ji^im 1 S^ SAN FRANCISCO.
SLANDER LEADS
TO BLOODSHED
A Young Lady's Character
Was Involved in the
Trouble.
HENRY PHILLIPS DEAD.
His Slayer Declined to Eat His
Words and Was Forced
to Fight.
WATEBHOUSE SURRENDERED.
The Public Feeling Is That It Was a
Case of Justifiable Homi
cide.
SPOKANE, Wasfi., Feb. 23.— Henry
Phillips, who wa? shot by David Water
house near Rockford yesterday, is dead.
The trouhle arose over a Miss Blair; It
was said that Waterhouse had circulated
damaging stories about her and said they
had been told \>y Phillips.
Yesterday Phillips, the father of the
girl and several others came to the home
of Waterhouse. called him out and de
manded that he "eat his words." Phil
lips at the sanvs time drew a revolver and
pointed it at Waterhoiise.
Waterhouse backed away from Phillips,
who all the time was calling him names,
until he got near the house. Then he ran
in and out of the back door to one of the
neighbor's, where he got a rifle and
started back home. While on the road he
met the party who had been at his house.
One of them yelled "Drop that gun," and
at that Phillips shot «t him, just grazing
his head. Phillips jumped behind a log and
started to shoot again, but the other man
was too quick and hit him with the ball
from the rifle.
Waterhouse was very much frightened
at what he had done and went immedi
ately to Rockford, where he gave him
self up.
The shooting is considered in self
defense, and it is expected that at the pre
liminary trial Waterhouse will be exon
erated.
A Novel Vehicle.
Sergeant Heggi of the United Stated
Army, who forms the garrison at Fort
Knox, Maine, has invented what his neigh
bors call a "'flying hallelujah." This is a
log a foot in diameter and six feet long,
provided with three pairs of slanting less
which rest on runners made of lone; sap
lings bent to form thills. A saddle is
securely strapped on the log and a docile
brown horse is harnessed to the shafts.
Mounted in his saddle and dressed in his
military uniform the sergeant is seen daily
; riding along the roads near the fort and in
: the streets of the neighboring village,
: where the queer arrangement has become
| so familiar that it no longer occasions
i comment.
The Night Editor Got Her.
The Youth's Companion reports that not
lone ago a lady, calling on another, no
ticed the absence of a cherished parrot,
and asked what had become of it.
"Oh, I had to give her away."
"Give her away! And you thought so
much of her!"
"Yes; but you know I taught her to asK
me in the morning, 'Did you sleep well?'
and she was such a dear, faithful little
thing that she used to wake me up all
night long asking me if I slept well.
Nothing could cure her of it— she was so
morbidly conscientious — and so at last I
had to give her to a night editor of our
acquaintance."
In Tuscany, gold color is "lucky," and
the finder of a gray ribbon may expect
peace and calm. But to discover a silver
ribbon is a sure omen of future disquiet,
passion and pain; black presages trouble,
and orange misfortune, while yeilow is
variously interpreted as gold or jealousy.
34
LANGE TO REACH
STANFORD TO-DAY
The Famous Coach Will
Handle the Baseball
Team.
A CASE OF EMERGENCY.
Some of the Old Players Have
Graduated, Others Became
Indifferent.
KENEWED INTEREST EXPECTED
Paderewski to Give a Concert for the
Student Body— Tennis Tourna
ment.
STANFORD ONIVERBITY, Cat.., Feb. j
2;.— Now that the baseball management i
haa succeeded in securing such a compc- \
tent coach as the redoubtable William
Lange of National League fume there is
prospect of renewed interest in baseball
here. Up to date about two dozen men
have announced themselves as candidates
for the team, while it is well known that
at least a score of others would make good
material could they be induced to practice
regularly. These extra men when urged
to get out have generally an excuse that
they are pressed by university work and
that they could learn little by getting out
now. It is pretty safe to say that all will
be willing to work wben such an instructor
a< Lange is ready to teach each man what
he can of the tine points of our National
game.
The management recognized that an
emergency had arisen when a great deal
denendea on it. It saw that all but three
oi the old players had graduated or failed
to return to college; it was confronted by
lack of funds, and had a large number of
new men of more or less ability to be
worked from raw material into good base
ball players. Manager Watson and Cap
tain McLaine determined to help not only
this season's chances, but the prospects for
future years by engaging some trainer to
pat &U this raw material in shape. A vol
ontaiy subscription list was started, and
met with surprising success, sufficient
money l>eing guaranteed to induce Lange
to take charge of ihe Stanford player?.
The baseball coach is expected to a r rive
to-morrow and will at once take charge of
the player?. Captain McLaine says ihpt
he intend? to whoop things up and not
withstanding Berkeley's boasts and her
evident advantage he will put such a nine .
together as will force U. C. to play pretty
good ball if she expects to win her first
game from Stanford.
Bo far .Stanford has never failed to beat
Berkeley on the diamond, and while
things looked pretty blact at the begin
ning of this semester there is a very per
ceptible change for the bettor. This "latest
scheme of the management will do more
than anything else to arouse enthusiasm
and induce StanforJ players to go in to !
win.
Almost at the moment when Lange's
engagement wa> announced the fact of i
Paderewskis engagement by the student
body was announced. For some time the
student body treasurer and O. V. Eaton
'95 have been scheming to secure the pi
aaistforone performance for the benefit j
of the student body treasury.
-an Jose theater was secured and
the artist agreed to give an exhibition i
under the student management. This per- ■
formanoe will take piare on the evening of
the2Btb Inst A special train will run!
from Stanford University to San Jose !
returning after the exhibition. It is be- i
lieved that this is the first time any
student body has ever taken charge of sach ;
an affair; nevertheless it promises success '
and without a doubt the treasury will be i
several hundred dollars the better for the :
venture.
A continuous tournament is now being'
played by the Gentlemen's Tennis Club, j
After its completion there will be an all- j
comers rnarupionship tournament to de
cide on Stanford's representation against
Berkeley in the regular annual intercolle
giate mate!). . •
GARIBALDI BALL.
1 h«» Italians Give a Masquerade for
the Benefit of Their
Company.
The Latin population of the City turned
out last night in full force to attend the
fourteenth annual masquerade hail of the
Garibaldi Guard at the hall of that name
on Broadway.
The masqueraders presented a unique
picture as seen iroru the gallery. The
costumes, with the antics of those who
took part, ni3de up a novel and happy
looking assemblage.
There wasja little disappointment among
those preserg because the DuKe of Savoy
had failed to appear. He, however, sent
hia regrets from Burlingame, where he
had been detained over night.
At 10:.% o'clock F. Arata led the way
to the bauquet-hall, where a sumptuous
repast awaited the following invited
guests of the Garibaldians:
Florenzio Cavagnaro, who occupied the
head of the table, with Commander Ber
tolmi of tbe Italian man-of-war on his
right, and J'resbitero, first lieutenant-com
mander, on his left, with the fol
lowing prominent . Italian citizens
occupying seats at tne table: E p - a
tnzi of the L'ltalia, 0. Beoinotti P
Btnni.F. Arata, Dr. CftglierL Mons. Cha
rnot, F. Zeiro. K. Merani, P. Pecata C
Lagomarsino, E. Soodellitti, N. Perata A*
Devincenzi, ft Koecataeliata, A. Vaccaro'
M. < anepa, A. L. Baccigajupi, A. Delucchi
G. Picetti. ,s. Cereghino, B. Ertola L Bri
chetto, 0. Drago, (J. Pit to, A. Ohno L
Torre G. Gaspari, G. P>. StnrU. A. Figone!
A. Delncui, F. Leverone. F. Boctano I
Demazzonio and Dr. Balli of the Cris'
toforo Columbo.
In response to the toast of the cruisar
and its crew Captain Bt-rtolini paid a high
compliment to the people of San Francisco
for their hospitality to him, his officers and
crew.
SAID IT WAS A MISTAKE
l>r. Colburn's Areegt Dan to a Misappre
hension on the Part of the Officers.
It is unlikely that the arrest of Rev. M.
P. Colburn at Golden Gate Park Saturday"
afternoon will lead to any further pro
ceedings. His arrest is said to have been
due to a misapprehension on the part of
the officers occasioned by his having been
discovered in a place where he was obliged
to retire on account of a personal affliction.
He occupied the pulpit as usual yesterday
and was warmly assured by the members'
of his congregation of their confidence, in
his innocence. As the man arrested in
company with him denies the charge,
corroborating the pastor's story, it is
expected that the case will be dismissed as
as a blunder on the part of the police.
THE WATER FRONT.
Tli© San Jose Arrives With a Cargo
Under the Now Con
tract.
The steamer San Jose arrived from Pana
ma yesterday with the first through cargo
of west-bound freignt from New York
under the new contract made with Hun
tington and the Panama .Railroad. Sbe
1 brought lo",000 packages of freight and the
i following cabin passengers:
Colonel Worberto Moran and wife, Dr.
I G. Borga and wife, F. Keppel and wife, Dr.
j L. 11. Ketchum and wife. H. C. Sumner,
; John Hills Combs, J. H. Ladd, L. A. Grif
j tith, EL H. Gray, A. Perusini and Samuel
j Redmond. Colonel Moran is the Minister
', of War of Salvador and is now on his'wed
ding tour to Paris, accompanied by Dr.
Borga and his wife. There were twenty
, passengers in the steerage and seven Chi
nese in transit for Hongkong.
The bark W. P. Witzeman arrived
twenty-two days from San Marcos island
I w»th 000 tons of gypsum. She left the
i island twelve days after the schooner J.
iM. Ingalls and passed her. The latter has
not been heard from yet and fears are en
tertained for her safety.
The revenue cutter Bear, which has
heretofore worn a gloomy coat of black
paint, has been painted white and now
looks like a small member of the white
squadron.
! The United States steamers Petrel and
I Yorktown, which are on the Chinese sta
; tion, have been ordered home for repairs.
fPhe latter has been in Chinese waters for a
; year and the former over three years.
' They will both come to San Francisco.
THE JUNTA'S PRIMARY.
It Will Measure the Kainey-Daggett
Strength To-Mgh».
The junta's primary election for the
creation of a new general committee will
take place this evening from 7:30 toi>:'->0
o'clock. It is under the club plan, and one
polling place In each district has been an
nounced.
The total enrollment effected during De
cember has never been detinitely stated,
though it was said at headquarters
to be about (JOOU. As there will be
but one ticket in each district, with
not more than two or three ex
ceptions, the election will be somewhat
perfunctory, and :; large vote i* naturally
not expected. Chairman Sullivan and the
primary committee have vigorously exer
cised jurisdiction o.ver the tickets of
twenty-five names in each district, and
where there have been contesting factions
have effected compromises or imposed
them, dividing the representation and so
avoiding contests at the polls.
The chief contest remaining is the one
in the Forty-fourth District, where Ueorjze
Maxwell and the rest of Sam Rainey's
forces have up to date refused to abide by
Chairman Sullivan's decision that they
may have but twelve of the twenty-live
delegates. Max-well proposes to ruu an in
dependent ticket of twenty-five names ana I
demand of the new committee the admis
sion of all his delegates on the principle
that the majority should rule. If this de
cision is carried.out a hot and pretty right
wiD be on in the whole organization.
The chief interest taken in the election
is directed to the problem of how strohg
the Rainey-Daggett faction is and how far
the anti-Raineyites have succeeded in sup
pressing ltainey. Rainey's strength will
be promptly measured when the list of the
new 4~)0 is studied, and if it is any bigger
than it is now it is expected that Max Pop
per and a lot of others who are especially
hostile to Rainey will get out promptly
and declare war.
Two Small rires.
A one-story frame house at the foot of Powell
street, near the water, which had been used by
Dunker Bros, as a place for preserving wood,
was destroyed by tire at an early hour on Sun
day morning, resulting in a loss of 92500.
Another small tire broke out at 534 ciav
street in the office of T. Q Wagnor's pork-pack
ing establishment at 1 :30o'cl jck this mornin"
Hut Hi tie damage was done.
3AILORS 1 TALK.
Unintelligible, Indeed,, Jt In to the Ma-
jority of People.
A landsman would never be able to un
derstand a sailor. For instance, sentences
like these would floor Webster himself:
'•We was going along fluking when the
wind drawed ahead. We trimmed sail
and in the fore and mizzeu tor'garn.'nl,
when a bit of a sea makin' of her yaw.
'Mind yer luff, you soger!' sings out th'
oid man, an' as he says this one of the jub
«uys parted and spuing the boom, ior ours
were swinging booms, and had the ford
guy and the after guy fitted in one, with
cuckhpld's neck around the boom end. Are
yer a followiu' of me, sir?"
It is certain, however, that if a sailor
has to talk about his calling, he must
use the language of the sea. There are
no synonyms for "sister blocks," "cat
harpins," "vangs" and the rest of the
vocabulary. If a lawyer cannot under
stand how the bight of a rope can be
whipped into a snatch block without pass
ing the end through the sheave, there is
nothing in language outside the terms of
the murine statement of the process to
enable him to master the sailor's meaning.
Sailors' talk, indeed, is a dialect as dis
tinct from our ordinary English words as
Choctaw or Eskimo. Englisli words are
used, but their significance is utterly re
mote from the meaning they have in
shore parlance. A yard ashore means the
land about a house; at sea it is a spar.
Every coachman and the majority of boys
know what a whip is, but at sea it is a
tackle formed by a single rope wove
through a block.
A lizard is not a reptile, but a piece of
rope with a thimble or riug sDliced into it,
just as the cathead is a piece of timber
and bees are stout pieces of plank. Beat
ing is not striking, but sailing by tacks.
A bonnet is not for ladies' wear]l but a
piece of canvas laced to the jib, while a
catf*paw has as little to do with the feline
animals as fiddles and harpings have to do
With music. Sailors' language, however,
is by no means wholly compounded by the
terms referring to the various parts of the
ship.
Hardships, perils, rough usage, in
different food, scarcity of water and the
like have imported a mass of rough say
ings into the forecastle, many pf which
are sanctioned by touches of rude poetry.
Jack's ditties, too, are frequently vehicles
of his emotions.
When he does not know how to-"growl"
fairly he will put up his feelings into a
topsail-halyard song, and often has the
anchor come up to a tierce chorus com
pounded of improvised abuse of the ship
and the bkipper, to which expression could
not be given in a quieter method.
Unfortunately the list of melodies is
somewhat limited, but the lack of variety
is no obstruction to the sailors' poetical
aspiration when he wants the "old man"
to know his opinions without expressing
them to his" face, and so the same
"chantey," as the windlass or halyard
chorus is called, furnishes music to as
many various indignant remonstrances as
Jack can find injuries to sing about.—Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
Admiral Lord Clarence Paget, uncle of
Lieutenant-Colonel Paget, who married
Mrs. Paran Stevens' daughter, and of Mr.
Alrneric Paget, who recently married Miss
Pauline Whitney, is now 84* years old. and
has written his memoirs, which will be
published soon. He served in the Crimean
War and was secretary to the Admiralty
under Lord Palmerston.
Be Good to Yourself tor Once if troubled
with a bad Cough, Cold or Lunj? Affection, and
use promptly Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorunt. a safe
remedy for Asthma and Pleurisy, as well as all
Throat Complaints.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1396.
BETTER TIMES FOR ART.
A Revival of Patronage Seems
to Be the Order of
Things.
KEITH SELLS HIS OLD WOMAN.
Bruce Porter Still at Work on Stained
Seals for the University Club
Windows.
In commercial parlance, art opens
strong this year. The painters, sculptors
and other people of artistic temperaments
are beginning to discern a little -better
market than has been evident for the past
few years.
William Keith has been" fortunate in
finding his liberal patron Collis P. Hun
tington so taken up with his picture of an
old woman, which he painted some months
ago and has exhibited with his other pic
tures at his studio on Pine street.
When Mr. Huntington was here last ho
took a great fancy to the picture and said
that portions of the handling reminded
him of Murillo. That seemed to end the
matter with the railroad magnate for some
time until one day his eye fell on it again.
On that occasion he could not- resist the
temptation to secure it for himself and
asked Keith for his price. The artist
modestly put it at |2000 and the patron
snapped it up as a bargain, without further
parley.
It has been beautifully framed in wide
gold and is soon to be shipped to -Mr.
Huntington's New York home.
Raschen is turning out some spring or
ders and is also at work restoring some
old and valuable works from a Dutch
artist whose name is not legible on the
canvas.
J. H. E. Partington's picture of Judge
McKinstry, presented to the Hastings Law
College by the students, will soon be hung.
It is a reinarkabia likeness of the worthy
jurist, and is handled in Partington's best
SOLD TO HUNTINGTON BY KFITH IOR $2000.
vein. The coloring is especially good, and
the production will be a" handso-ne addi
tion to the walls of the college.
The University Club is to be
adorned with another stained-grass seat.
This time it is to be from Yale. Already
Annapolis and Harvard windows are com
pleted and are magnificent specimens of
the art.
Bruce Porter has finished his design for
PAmNGTON'S PORTRAIT OF EX-JUHiE McKI>STRY.
YALE WINDOW FOR THE UNIVERSITY CLUB.
[From a design by Bruce Porter.]
the Yale window, and when the new
order of things is adjusted at the club
it will be put in beside the others.
The first arrangement was to have the
windows placed in the dining-room, but
the directora of the University Club have
decided that the clubroom proper would
be th;: best place for them. Tnere are to
be eighteen in all and when they are all in
the effect will be strikine and artistic as
well.
These windows are presented to the club
by various members who are gradates
from different colleges in America and
abroad and are paid for by contributions
of club members alone.
Stained plass seals and coats of arms are
becoming the popular fad even in private
nomes aud the thoroughly elite have niag
nihcent specimens in their dining-room
window or over the top of the bay-window
in the parlor. The University Club will
have the best collection in America wheTn
they are all in and no doubt other clubs of
a similar character will follow the lead.
THE HELLESPONT OP TO-DAY.
Turkey's Defenses of -the Dardanelles
and What They Amount To.
The Strait of the Dardanelles, to which
numerous references are now being made
in the papers, is, as many know, a narrow
and tortuous waterway of no great length
leading in from the north. 2Egean to the
inland. of Marmora. But what many
do not know is that the Turkish fortifica
tions ot the Dardanelles— at least those of
any importance— are situated in a single
locality in the vicinity of the squatty little
i Turkish town of Chanak-Kalesi (or the
"Pottery Castle"), which lies on the Asiatic
. shore a few miles in from the mouth of
! the strait. One of these batteries— a low
! lying fortification constructed of mud, of
rather clay, walls, faced here and there
with stone— situated at Chanak-Kal es
j itself. Another is planted about two miles
! further northeast on the same shore, while
I Immediately across the strait from Cha
nak-Kalesi other battlements have been
reared on somewhat higher ground. None
of these defenses are especially formidable,
as modern fortifications go, although it
must be admitted that, inferior, as they
are in many respects, they do mount some
heavy Krup'p guns of modern construction
and undoubted power, while torpedoes, it
is said, have lately been sunk in the chan
nel. Every now and then the Turkish
Government buys anew eon, and sets it
up at the Dardanelles with a sublime con
fidence that thereby the integrity of the
; em pire will be effectually secured.
But the Turks understand little about
the handling of these creat guns, al
though .the Osmanli soldiers, are brave
| when well officered, and it is probable that
in the event of actual hostilities the gun
ners would soon De driven from these de
fenses' and many of the puns themselves
be dismounted (by the skillful fire at long
range of a fleet lying just inside the lower
strait) before the Osmanli garrison could
discbarge more than a few wild shots with
their intricate but poorly managed ballistic
apparatus. What really adds more to the
strength of these doorway defenses of Tur
key, so to speak, than any qualities of
the garrison In these forts, is the swift
ness of the currents and the tortu
ous character of the ship channel of
the Dardanelles. Yet it is not improbable
that unless crippled by a fire at .long range
a nervy ami resolute captain of a modern
battle-ship could run the gauntlet of the
upper batteries before the bewildered gun
ners could adjust their artillery to the war
ship's varying range or succeed in accom
plishing more than a smashing of some of
the vessel's upper works. Out of a fleet
of half a dozen vessels endeavoring to force
the passage of the Dardanelles, two would
probably be disabled or would helplessly
ground in maneuvering, while the balance
woul< steam triumphantly past Gallipoli,
at the upper end of the Dardanelles, and
thereafter have absolutely free course di
rectly to the Golden Horn and that part of
the pretty Bosporus overlooked by the
j windows and modest facades of the Yildiz
Palace. '/^ ; :
It is said that in the old days of three
deckers an American frigate, whose right
■ of entrance had been challenged by the
Turks, hove to opposite Chanak (as the
Orientals familiarly, and almost affection
lately term the palace), fired a salute, and
then, under cover of the smoke thus
raised — for that was before the. days of
"smokeless powder"— boldly up the
strait for the Sea of Marmora before the
Turks could recover from the astonish
! ment or interpose any forcible remon
| strance. Another American naval officer
! tells an amusing story of . an experience
| that befell him when his ship was
i anchored off Chanak awaiting the re
ception of "pratique." After some
delay a boat was observed putting
off from shore in the direction of the
United States corvette. As the boat came
alongside a dirty Turkish officer stood up
in the stern sheets and pointing with his
thumb in the general direction of Constan
tinople, exclaimed: '.'Stambouia git!"
The officer of the deck did not understand
the. whole force of the expression (Go to
Constantinople!), but with the quick wit
of a Yankee he instinctively divined the
significance of the -'git" (an . im
perative from the Turkish verb gitmek),
which * seemed to , possess a certain
icsemblance" to Yankee slang, and im
mediately gave orders to get the anchor
aboard and bear away up the strait toward
Stamboul as fast as the slow American tub
could travel. Outgoing— that is, west
ward bound— vessels stop their engines
abreast of a Turkish guardship no bigger
than a North River tug. anchored about
two mites above Chanak-Kalesi; and there
the permission in documentary, form,
which they had received authorizing the
navigation of the Turkish waters by them
they deliver up before steaming on past
Lhanak out among the Greek islands of
the Mge&n. If a venturesome or ignorant
merchant steamer on entering the strait
presumes to pass on beyond a certain
point a shot i 3 fired across her bow, and
the cost of the powder thus burned is col
lected scrupulously from the owners or
agents of the vessel on her arrival at Stam
boul, as Oriental logic fails to comprehend
why poor Turkey should pay for any
foreign disregard of her . rules! The Dar
danelles practically constitute the
front door of the Turkish empire (at least,
as regards its westward exposure) whereat
many would-be visitors are now ringing
the 1 bell." But the Turk is not at home to
all callers, and just now is especially ehv
of such .observers 'as foreign men-o war
that may be hanging around Besico Bay—
a piece of water just off the famous plain
of Troy, where Dr. Schllemann made his
much-discussed discovery, which is read
ily reached by a few Lours' ride from
Chanak-Kalesi along the : southern shore
of the Dardanelles and thence up and over
a fine range of hills that afford a magnifi
cent view of ■■ Samothrace, ". Imbroa \ and
other historic islets of the blue ; iEgean —
Army and .Navy Journal.
BUDD'S IROQUOIS SPEECH
The Braves Regard It as a
Keynote of Good Gov
ernment.
StITRO CALLED IT POLITICS
He Says It Looks Very Well on
Paper, but It Really Means
. Nothing.
Governor Budd in his speech before the
Iroquois Club on Saturday night delighted
the hearts of his friends and stifled at
least to some extent his enemies within
his party. The speech is accepted some
what as a new declaration of principles —
as, indeed, it is almost the lirst public
utterance of the executive since his elec
tion and more than any other effects to
announce the policy of the administration.
The Junta Democrats speak of it as a
"keynote." Gavin McNab and Sammy
Braunhart used the word last night almost
in the same breath. Max Popper refers to
it as having the ring of keynotes. He
thinks it will go far toward clearing the
atmosphere.
Governor Budd evidently had the some
what mixed Democratic atmosphere in
his mind in the opening of his address.
Said Gavin McNab in speaking of it
last night:
"Governor Budd's speech has delighted
me. It sounds the keynote of good gov
ernment for the State of California. The
crying evil of this State is public extrava
gance and excessive taxation.
•'During the past three years incomes
from every source have diminished. Land
values have fallen throughout a large area
of the State from 30 to <i 0 per cent, conse
quent on low prices of produce. Wages
have fallen— everything has fallen but
taxes,' which are enormously high. t
"If the Governor can live up to. the
spirit of his utterances, and give the peo
ple the relief for which they are praying,
ne will be called blessed by the citizens of
California without regard to party."
Mayor Sutro is not so enthusiastic about
the speech.
"Mr. Budd is a politician." he said.
"His remarks nbont economy and the re
duction of asylums and the taxing of cor
porations looks well — on paper.
"How is it possible to reduce the num
ber of asylums for the unfortunate insane
when at this time they are all crowded?
It is certain that none of the patients are
there from choice, and, being unfortunate
beings who must be restrained, they must
be kept somewhere.
"As to taxing corporations, I do not
know that our Legislature would have a
right to impose a special tax upon a cer
tain class. If the corporations paid what
they honestly owe the Government there
would be enough to meet the expenses of
tne Goverment at a lower rate of taxation.
The Government is deprived of its just
May Ashley, Who Appeared at the Benefit Tendered the Veteran Guard of Call
fornia at the Grove-Street Theater Last Night. She Is a Charming Little Ac
tress of the Soubrette Style, and Is Well Known in Local Dramatic Circles.
She Has Joined Stewart's Comic Players.
__" NEW TO-DAY.
Mr. John K. Knox, Mechanic at Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo,
Cal., Tells of His Cure by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It Cured
Him After All Else Had Failed.
THERE are hundreds of people in California suffering daily
tortures and annoyances on account of some Rheumatic af-
fliction. They moan and surfer, and take pills and put plasters
on their backs, and get no relief, and they must eventually do as
Mr. Knox has done — they must
■^^^^^^W^^^ use D r - Sanden's Electric Belt.
dfflffißWly iWfilrllr/wifflfa^frh- This Belt is now well known to
l^^^^fe^k^^^tt^^^^ll^^i every sufferer as the most com-
made to-day, but many hesitate
1^ about using it owing to skepti-
i ""^Swa&3t>—^ cism caused by the failure of
other remedies to do good. Mr. Knox was skeptical, but see
what he says now : ..'•'■.• ■ ■ - : V
__, _ „_<-*„ „ ' : VALLEJO, Cal , January 22, 1896.
DR. SANDEN:— When I got your Belt three months ago- 1 had been suffering fo*
two years from Scittica. Had pains in legs and knees. I was not incapacitated from |
my work, but it was terribly annoying. I had tried other remedies, of course, but fonnd
nothing of any use till I got the Belt.. In six or eight days after applying the Belt the
pains had left me, and have not come back since, i have continued using the Belt,
and am generally benefited by it. . I have twice as good an appetite as before, and
really feel better than I have lor twenty years. lam 62 years old.
JOHN K. KNOX, Valleio, CaJ.
.. Investigate the claims made for this famous Electric Belt.
It is a genuine curative article, and justifies the careful inspec-
tion of every man or woman ho is sick or needing new energy,
new vitality. Call and see it, or get the little book, "Three
Classes of Men/ free. '>■;::'. ;,; :
SABflrDEw x:ijx:otzizc co.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO^
000* Bow-8 to c; Gvqv&BVj itQU-.W, sW«»7ti *9V»U»_
...... ...
! dues from the corporations, but the poor
man is forced to pay to almost the limit of
the property he ownri.
"I have just been reading an article In
the Commonwealth, a socialistic paper, I
believe, upon this very subject. It is an
ably written article that shows that tax
ation would decrease if corporations were
made to pay the Government the amount
they should pay."
The address that provokes this diversity,
of opinion was delivered at the banquet of,
the Iroquois Club at Delmoi. co's on Sat
urday night.
James V. Coleman had preceded him in
an eloquent and frequently applauded
speech to the toast "George Washington."
They applauded what he said about the
evidence that God had something to do
with the making of this Government, and
they equally applauded him when Bpeak
ing of the Iroquois Club. He said:
"Let us keep this club out of politics.
Let it be a political club, yes; but for the
advancement of the party, and not for the
advancement of any individual."
Governor Budd came next, and his re
marks in response to the toast "Califor
nia 1 ' were the feature of the evening.
"I was nominated some months ago."
said Governor Budd, "on a platform which
I have endeavored in my poor way to keep,
though those pledges have cost many
friends I would fain have kept and many
heart-burnings I would fain have
avoided."
Then the Governor plunged into economic
matters.
"We have in this State five insane asy
lums, and I don't think, from my investi
gations, that they are a sufficient num
ber. [Great applause.] We spend in the
support of our asylums, our two State
prisons and our two reform schools mil
lions every year. If these institutions were
reducea to tne scale of expenditures that
would rule under private auspices a great
saving would be possible.
"If this club wants to teach and carry
out the princij'les of Washington I may
believe that there are two kinds of poli
tics — one for the benefit of the State and
the other for the benefit of the individual,
and follow the dictates of conscience.
Everybody who applies for an oitice thinks
that he is entitled to it, and everybody
applies for the best office in sight
riauzhter], and nobody dare tell him that
he is not the best man for that ofhee.
"In carrying ont my pledges in my pe
culiar way I have often been compelled to
turn down friends, but I made up my
mind that what J could do to reduce taxes
I would do. In my appointments I have
often erred, but I have done the best (
could.
1 "The last Legislature made appropria
tions am'-iunti;ig to $7,900,000 a year. 1
insisted that the balance against us be
wiped out, and now the taxes for the next
year ought to f-hrink to 44.(3 cents, or less,
within the tax levy.
"Further reductions ought to be made.
We ought to wipe out one of our insane
asylums. "We ought to combine both our
penitentiaries and our two reformatories
in one. There should boa corporation tax
for benevolent purposes, which would
raise an immense sum and lighten
the tax on the laboring classes. I believe
that California should have a uniform tax
on wines and liquors, a portion of -which
should go to the support of the institu
tions I have mentioned."
John P. Irish responded to the toast,
"The President of the United States," and
during his address he stood up eloquently
for th« administration. O. M. Wei bum.
who responded :o the toast ''Democracy,
Raleigh Barear, Robert Ferral and John
C. Puddock also made addresses.BULLETS FLEW LIKE HAIL.
Many Riflemen Made Excellent
Scores at Shell Mound
Yesterday.
COLUMBIA'S PISTOL SHOTS.
A Large Attendance of German Sharp
shooters at the Schuetzen
Park Targets.
It was a great day for the riflemen
yesterday at the Sliell Mound shooting •
range. From an early hour until late in
the afternoon the roar of the military
musket, the spiteful bark of the sharp
shooters' target rifles and the pop of the
22-caliber firearms formed one continuous
melange of sound.
Taken on the whole, it was a fine day for
good work, neither the light nor the wind
being objectionable, and many fine scores
were made.
The Columbia Rifle and Pistol Club
drew a large number of its members from
Charles AI. Daiss. One of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's Best Pistol Shots
Who Has AVon Two ttlanding Medals.
[from a jhotograph.]
the usual Sunday attractions that rival
rifle and pistol shooting, and none were
sorry that they attended. The new Co
lumbia target, with Old Glory the flag that
indicates a center s;iot, is increasing in
favor, and more ilags beini shown overth"
bulkheads indicate an increase in nrori
ci ency in marksmanship. The secretary
of tie club, F. 0. Yonng, who orgir.ated
the new target, i? constantly receiving let
ters f-orn those who have tried and are
satisfied with the principles involved.
Yesterday the cash prize-winners for the
month were announced by the president.
Dr. L. O. Rodgers. Formerly the
l.ictu-st scores for the month won the
prizes, but now it is the most flags thai
count, each flag indicating that the inch
circie, or one, in the center of the bulls
eye has been pierced.
On the rifle rang- the winners were: Dr.
Rod<:ers with two flags; William Glinrter
nianti, three flags; D. W. McLaughlin,
two flags; F. 0. Young, one flag, and A.
Gefkin. one -flag.
A. Strecker, one of the champion Cali
fornia ntie snots, who won honors and
prize? in the East last year, is making a
royal struggle for the beautiful and valua
ble I'nfred diamond medal, the winner of
which must have the ten highest three
shot scores of the season. Strecker is in
the lead so far with scores of 9, 9, 10, 12, 12,
13, 13, IS, 14, 14.
The rifle scores made yesterday w, re as
follows:
Unfred diamond medal— A. Btrecker9, D. W.
McLaughlin 9 and 9, Dr. Hodgers 12. F. O.
Young 11. W. Glindenaann 12.
All-comers' 10-shot rifle record medal— Dr.
Rodgers t>7.
On the pistol range— fifty yards— the
markers were kept very busy. Tne beau
tiful medal recently presented to the clubs
by Gordon Blanding excited the admira
tion of every pistol shot or: the range, and
there was considerable lively shooting for
high scores, which will count before the
next year. Charles If. Daiss went to the
head of the list with a score of 8 points,
closely followed by J. E. Gorman with 9.
Within the i>ast three years Daiss, whose
picture appears in this issue, showing him
in his characteristic shooting position, has
won much honor as a pistol shot. Twice
he has won medals presented by Mr. Bland
ing, and he has determined to win the
third before quitting. His favorite fire
arm Is a 10-inch 22-caliber Stevens, using
the long rnn fire rifle cartridge.
The following are the winners of cash
prizes on flags for the past month on the
60-yard range.
Pistol-C. M. Daißß, 5 flags; F. O. Young, 2;
J. K. Gorman, 1: A. H. Pape, 1.
Kifle 22-caliber— E. Hovey, b flags; Mrs.
Crane, 1 ; P- Bohr, 1 ; F. O. Young, 1.
The followine scores were made In the
50-yard range : •
Pistol, Blanding medal, open to all comers—
C. M. Daiss 8, J. E. Gorman 9, F. O. \ oung 11,
Dr. L. O. Rodgers 12, M. J. White 25. E. Trudo
Diamond plttxA medal, ten shots-Dr. L. O.
'uiflt^ii-ca'.iber, all comers. 50 yards— A. B.
Darren 18, -M. J. White 19, F. O. Young 11.
The German sharpshooters were out in
full force and many excellent scores were
made. The San' Francisco Schuetzen
Vertin's monthly builseye shoot was for
twenty cash prizes. The winners and their
rtrords on the black disk are as follows:
First prize— H. Huber, 209; second— F. Atze
roth, 227; third-H. Stilling, 276; lourth-
George H. B»rir*. 436; flfth-H. I'neu, 4»;
sixth— H. Hellberg,469; seventh-J. de Witt,
6»o; eighth— OuoLemcke, so6; ninth— Charles
Thierr.ach, 530; tenth— A. Brauning, 535;
eleventh— H. Wicker, 555; twelfth— C. t. Rust,
577; thirteenth-F. P. Schuster, 632; four
teenth—A. H. Pape, 658; fifteenth— H. H. Bur
fiend. 677; sixteenth— J. C. Wnller, / 30; sev
enteenth—O. B. Faktor, 822; eighteenth— X.
Finking, 834; nineteenth— William Glinder
m*iin, «76; twentietii — George Helm, 87b.
Tee Germani* Schuetzen Club's monthly
builseye shoot lor ten cash prizes resulted
as follows:
First— Dr. L. O. Rodgers.2l,o ; second— R. Fink
ing, 23fi; third— H. J. Wicker, 384; fourth— W.
Gaivcb, 480; fift'f-A. Browning. 525; sixth —
< . Tbierbach, <JB< ; seventh— M. Abrens, 687;
eighth— F. P. Schuster, 700; ninth— J.de Witt,
7t>o; tenth— o. B. faictor, 809.
Xho ttgrddeutochw Schuetxen Verein's
monthly shoot, for club medals brought
out nearly Ihe entire strength of the club.
Although in different classes W. Glinder
mann and H. H. Buriiend came togethei
in a lively competition for the top Bcore,
These riflemen have been friendly rivals
for high scores for a long time past and
they have shot one private handicap
match. Burtiend pressed Glindermann
very close to the wall yesterday, as here
shown.
Champion class— W.Glindermann, 42l rings;
first class— H. Burfiend, 419; second class— J.
Gefken, 375; third class— J. Lankenau, 324;
fourth class— O. Bcblnkel Jr., 325. First best
and last best shots, G. Alpers.
I.fuikermu and Schinkel having won these
medals three times the prizes now become
their private property.
For some time past the members of the
Nord Deutschers have been arranging for
a team snoot and yesteruay such a match
took place for a dinner, to be provided by
the losing team. Ttiere were eleven
marksmen on a side and the team cap
tained by E. Tyson won by twenty-five
points. Following are the scores:
Captain E. Tyson 241, Schmitz 285, O. Schin
dell32s Rust* 322, Lankenau. 324, Siebe 343,
(iefkin 375. HagL-strom 384, Hellberg 37t>,
Huber 378, Mocker iVS ; total 3749.
Captain 11. Wreden 2u7, Schroeder 359, W.
Games 186, 3. Scninkel 200, Braem 365. J.
Tfaode .-542, Lemke 4CKS. stelling 400,Alpers418,
Schuster 390; tot*l 3724.
The Swiss Riflemen— de Ticino Conser
vatore—competed for their class medals
and prizes yesterday. In the class shoot
taf£the possible was 3U on the six shots,
and the winners and scores were:
First-class medal, S. Moresi, 20: second-class
medal, <;. L. ('amozzi, -8: third-class medal,
<;. B. Moresi, 25; fourth-class medal, P. Pedro
via, 24.
Prizes on public target— First prize, G. L.
Camozzi. 555. !|>s; second prize, J. Sefu-oog
hi:ie, 455, silver castor; thira prize, S. Moresi,
4~>5, rase ziniandel; fourth prize, G. U. Moresi,
445, pistol; frith prize, Mr. Tojada, 454, silver
cup.
A large number of the members of the
military companies were at the range and
their scores were as follows:
Company I— C. G. Stnpple 41, A. Ahiborn 35,
D. de Bernardi 3i). V. J. Fell 34. M. Sheahan
43, H. Stozcinvald 27. O. I". Huber :>:), A. Mar
tin 38, J. I). McCarthy 41, Burry Jones 37. H
SiiiiiJ..'rla;id 19, A. tinniin 20, Lieutennnt
ttuber 42, Corporal W. Galley 43, dillis 35,
Son 34, Lcmeteyer 23, MePartlanu 215.
Company X— Barley 40, Bush 38, Serneria
38, Anißrk 38, Cator 35, Warnekros 38. Cohn
36, McKenn* 12, Helms 33, Cunningham 41,
Schmaltz 39, Desmond 33, Earl 31, Hoffman
38, Meyera 21, Mayer 22.
Friendly match among five members of Com
pany K— Cunningham 40, Maguire 42, Amark
40, Schxd&ltt 40, Helms 43.
Company M— Captain O'Neil 31, Lieutenant
Hogan 37, Serjeant Kihn 27, Sergeant Colby
■1 1 , .-• raeant Sonntag 24, Corporal Strotri 42,
( -rpfiral Noyes 32, Corporal tarn ham 34, Cor
poral Mtiher 33, Musician Nelson 38. Arm
strong 32, Lage 20, Hopkins '28, Coffee 18,
Miller 24, E:<an 2(5, Spilmanii 37, Ayhens 28
33, J. P. Murphy 34, ChiMs 29, William
Murphy 32, O'Brien 8, Owens 31, Sergeant
Waiting 10,
Next Sunday many of the German rifle
men of this locality will attend the grand
I summer op nin^ of Shell Mound Park and
I the rifle ahooting will he under the au
si icea of the Nord Deutsctftr Schuetzen
I Club. Fifteen cash prizes from $20 to $2
will be given for the best centers and fif
teen <:ush prizes from $20 to $2 for the most
! points. Besi.ies these six large cash
prizes will be given for the first and last
hulls.yes in the forenoon and afternoon,
♦he most tickets and the most flags during
the day. The shooting will not cease until
5:30 p.m. The distribution .of the prizes
will he held on Tuesday evening, March 3,
at 620 Bush street.
THE DIAMOND MEDAL.
Some Good Scores Made at the
Schuetzen Club's Tar
grets.
Twenty-five determined marksmen pnt in
an appearance at the California Schuetzen
Club Park yesterday afternoon to take
part in the second monthly shoot for Mr.
Schuman's diamond medal. The weaiher
was perfect for the marksmen, but very
lew spectators were in attendance. Those
who were, however, were enthusiastic
b;'.cKers for the shooters and made the oc
casion a lively one.
The rifle contest was at 200 yards, shoot
ing at rest. Each marksman had ten shots
at a 25-ring target and had a possibility of
making a score of 250. The highest score
was 232, made by Otto Burmeister. This
was not unusually high, bat no twelve
members made scores of over 200. The day
was considered a good one.
Following is the score for the rifle con
test of members who made over 200: Otto
Burmeister 232, L. 0. Rabin 228, Miss Liz
zie Ulscbig 2*27, James Stanton 224. C
Effing 220. Philo Jacoby 218, Mrs. John
Ut?chig 213, Miss A.. I*"Langer 213, Wil
liam Glindeman 200. William Ehrenpfort
208, M. Reubold 207
The pistol contest for Schuman's gold
medal was not very exciting as only a few
members took part. contest was ten
off-hand shots at a 2->-ring target. Philo
Jucoby made the highest score. He got
200' out of a possible 250, and J. B. Turner
came next with only 109. The other
scores were unusually low.
France is one of the best paved countries
in the world. The first Napoleon insti
tuted an/3 carried out a road S3 r stem which
gave France the roads which are lasting
monuments to the Napoleonic foresight
an<) shrewdness. These roads, always
passable and reaching all the centers of
population, are competitors of the rail
ways.
The secrets of seri-culture are said to
consist in the proper management of tem
perature, drynebs, a regular and sufficient
euppljr of food and perfectly pure air.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Arrival of Armor Plate to
Finish the Battle-Ship
Oregon.
FUNERAL OF MAJOR LORD.
Regulations Do Not Require Artillery !
Salutes on Washington's
Birthday.
There were no salutes or military exer
cises at the Presidio Saturday last in
honor of Washington's birthday. In fact
the revised army regulations do not re
quire a salute to be tired on that day. The
Nation's birthday, July 4, is the only day
of the year recogniza/1 by the regulations
as entitled to an artillery salute. It was
the custom in the "old army" to fire a sa
lute on February 22, but some time during
the war or immediately thereafter the
paragraph relating to this ceremony was
dropped out of the regulations. For some
time thereafter Generai Graham observed
the old form, but at length the powder
used in the saluting was charged to his
personal account.
The anniversary was observed at the
Presidio as a holiday in the fullest sense of
the term. General Graham excused the
soldiers from all duty, except th« neces
sary guard and police duty. There was no
dress parade, as the band was excused tor
the day. The Fifth Artillery band does
not pet many opportunities to earn money
in private and as musicians are in
great demand on holidays, the General
permitted the band to make engagements
in the City.
The work of thinning out the under
brush and lower growth of the trees on the
reservation is progressing under the direc
tion of the post commander. Already
much of the ground space hitherto ob
scured by foliage from the sunshine has
been brought under the influence of the
sun's rays.
According to reports received at head
quarters the quail and other birds that
live in the groves and thickeisof the res
ervation are constantly increasing. The
quail are now pairing and are not seen
in coveys, as they will be later on. There
is talk of introducing Chinese pheasants,
as these birds do remarkably well in Ore
gon and Northern California. General
Graham is sure that they would grow and
multiply on the reservation, but their ad
vent, he fears, would tempt amateur
sportsmen and their dogs to invade the
grounds. Constant vigilance is required
• now to keep the City hunters away from
the quail. Larger" birds of more beautiful
plumage might present an attraction too
great for the hunter.-- to resist.
The funeral, with military honors, of
. Major John Henry Lord, U. S. A. (re
tired), took place atthe Presidio yesterday.
Services were conducted at the Presidio
chape!. The interment took place In the
National Cemetery at the Presidio. Many
officers of the army aud companions of
cue Military Order of the Loyal Legion at
i tended.
Leave of absence granted to Lieuteaant
Wihnot B. Ellis, Fifth Artillery, has been
extended.
Captain Marion P. Maus, First Infantry,
has been ordered to proceed to Fort
Leavenworth and report for duty aa a
member of the board of officers ordered
to convene at that point for the purpose
of preparing rules for the small arms lir
mg fur this season. Captain Maus is
therefore relieved from duty as a member
of the general court martial.
Private William T. Kimball, Light Bat
tery F, Fifth Artillery, having been tried
by a court-martial and found guiitj of
selling clothing in violation of the seven- i
teenjh article of war, was sentenced "to be i
confined at hard labor at the place w.iere
bia battery may be serving for one month."
Lieutenant-Commander James W. Car
lin, U. S. N., has returned from a visit to ,
Illinois and been ordered to duty on the
receiving ship Independence at Mare
Island.
All doubts as to the early completion of
the battle-ship Oregon have been dispelled.
The last installment of iron arrived from
the East last Tuesday. The material
needed to finish the vessel was the armor
plate covering for the after turret, an 4it
came along in fair time.
As soon as the turret is completed a sec
tion will be lifted out and the two 13-inch
rifled guns put in. The 13-inch turret for
ward is finished and the big guns are in
position The unmounted guns for the
turrets aft rest on the pier alongside of the
battle-thip, and when the tirre comes to
put them aboard they will be picked up by
the 80-ton she&rs and swung gracefully
into proper place.
In case of emergency the Oregon could
be put in fighting trim within thirty days,
but at the rate the work is now going on it
will be about eighty days before the ship
is brought out for trial trip in the Santa
Barbara Channel.
THE TIVOLI'S CONDUCTOR.
Carl Martens Leaves the Tav
ary Company ior the
Local House.
Was Formerly With Emma Abbott.
Morreale Returns to Man
ager Pratt.
Carl Martens conducted for the last time
on Saturday night with the Tavary Grand
Opera Company. This week he goes to
the Tivoli, where he has been appointed
successor to Adolph Bauer.
The Tivoli was without a conductor
when Mr. Martens came here three weeks
ago With the Tavary Company. The man
agement of the local opera-house decided
that the chance of securine so well-known
a man was too good a one to let slip, and
overtures were at once made to Mr. Mar
tens to remain in San Francisco. The
offer made by the livoli was accepted, and
two weeks ago Mr. Martens gave notice to
Manager Pratt of his intention to never his
engagement with the Tavary troupe at the
end of the Baldwin season.
The manager at once telegraphed for
Signor Morreale, who conducted the
Tavary troupe last year; he also happened
to be able to sever his Eastern engage
ment, ami arrived here on Saturday even
injr. To-night, at San Jose, Signor Mor
reale will resume the baton of the Tavary
Opera Company.
Carl Martens, who eoes to the Tivoli, is
thoroughly well known in his profession.
He is Emma Abbott's old director, and her
company always met with success under
his leadership. In the Tavary troupe he
has been very popular with his orchestra.
On Saturday a proof was given of the
good will which his men bear him by a
presentation and speech. At the end" of
the first act of "Carmen," at the matinee,
Carl Martens was summoned beneath the
stage, where he found all bis orchestra as
sembled. Mr. Bogard, the drummer,
came forward and in a neat speech, made
in French, expressed the reeret felt by the
musicians in parting with their con
ductor, and presented a naton to Mr.
Martens as a souvenir of their regard.
The baton, which was entirely the gift of
the orchestra, is a very handsome one.
The stick is composed "of ebony and the
*head is of solid wrought golu. At theend
| is engraved Carl Martens' monogram, one
side of the head bears the inscription: "To
Carl Martens, director of the Tavary Opera
Company." The reverse side of the baton
is ehgraved with the words, "San Fran
cisco, season 1896."
The Tavary orchestra said its final fare
well to the conductor at a banquet which
he tendered his men last hight, when Carl
Martens' health was drunk with many ex
pressions of regret at his leaving.
There is no doubt about the ability of
the Tiyoli's new conductor. He is weil
known in his profession and has time and
time again proved his power to direct
opera to the entire satisfaction of critical
audiences. During the season which has
just ended at the Baldwin Mr. Martens
has scarcely put forth his best efforts.' It
is stated that he was discouraged by in
ternal dissensions in the company. Guille
has been featured to an extent which has
caused heart-burnings and wranglings
amopg the rest of the troupe. Guille is
said also to have more caprices than all
the prima donnas combined.
The opera of "Aida" is quoted by Guille's
adversaries as a case in point. The spec
tacular work suits the tenor's voice and
both in the City of Mexico and in San
Francisco it was put on as the attraction
of the opening night, at Guille's desire.
On both occasions he refused to sing
shortly before the performance, and on
both occasions a quasi-tiasco ensued.
Whether these little difficulties have af
fected Mr. Martens' conducting or not, it
is a well-established fact that he met with
brilliant success as the director of the
finima Abbott company, and that though
his handling of tli3 Tavary company met
with praise, he is capable of doing better
work.
SMASHING BLUEROCKS.
Second Day of the Big Lincoln
Club Shooting Tourna
ment.
The Olympic Club's Men Win the
Team Shoot— Scores of the
Various Events.
The second day of the Lincoln Club's
opening blue-rock tournament at Alameda
THE NAVAL RESKRVE MONITOR COMANCHE.
[From a photograph.!
Point was even better attended than the
first, a number of the best trap shots from
this and surrounding cities being present
to compete in the various events. Much' in
terest centered in the team-shoot, which
was hotly contested from start to finish,
and resulted in a win for team 1 of the
Olympic Club.- The-: first 3 event on the
card was a ten-bird match-' with twenty
four entries, which was divided by John
son and Daniells with clean scores. Fol
lowing is the tabulated score:
Merri11...... ...... ..........0 011100111-6
Daniel's...... 1 11111111 1-10
Chestnut ...... .1 0 1 1,1 10 1 I—7
Fanning...... ..............11 111
ibhman .........0 111111111—9
Trombone 0 111110111—8
Johnson i.. .1111 111 1 I*l— lo
Winters ....1 1 111 11 01 I—9
Schafer ...1 110111111—9
Fnedner ..1 11 0 1 11—9
Fischer 0 10 0 11 o—s
Burgans. 0 111111111—9
Vernon .........1 01101011 0-6
Franker ....... ..1 1111110 1 o—B
E. Forster ill 1 1 I 1 1 0 1 1-9
Wild.-.. ...-..: ...1 01111001 0-6
Vernon ......1 0 10 11111 0-7.
p. Feudner. ..........11 10 11111 0-8
Allen. M '. ........0 01110010 o—4
Karney .....1 11011111 o—B
W.iiolcher .......1 11111100 1-8
Burns .....: 0 111110 11 I—B
Haight 1 00111111 1-8
Whitney ......0 11101111 I—B
Event No, 2 was at six. pairs and re
sulted as follows:
Feudner 10, Fanning 8. Merrill 10. Daniels 7,
Blade 8. Trombone 9, 1 Eugene Forster .6, Burgans
6. Winders 8, Alderton 1, Schaefer 8, Naumau 6.
The third match at twenty singles re
sulted in a victory - for : Fanning, whose
long experience in the Arctic brought his
staying powers to the front. The score
was as follows:. .- V.'
Grubb 8, Gross 17, Allen 16, Miirdock 16, Fan
ning 19, Wild 15, Fischer. 16, Kearney 18, Sharp
13, Liddle 16, Lerke 13, Holmes 13, Chestnut 12,
Merrill 14, Johnson 13,. Alderton 10, Winders 12,
Trombone 17, Feudner 17, Nauman 16, Webb 18,
F. Feunner 15, Vernon 12, Schaefer 16, Franzer
19, Danills 17, Burns 16, Ku;'. Forster la, Golcher
9, M. Allen 12. Vernon 8, Haight 14, McMahon
11, Owens 11, Jackson 15, Whitney 16.
No.' 4, a match at fifteen singles, was
divided between Trombone, Daniels, Kar
ney and Stewart with fourteen breaks
each, the score being as follows:
Fischer 7. Fredricks 3, Schrleber 11, K. Foster
9, Vernon 10, Trombone 14, Chapman 7, Alder
ton 10 Orubb 7, Murdock li.', H. Goleher 13, Me-
Mahon 6, Franzer 12, Bruns 9, Daniels 14, Har
ney 14. (Sharp 9, S. Allen 11, Htewun 14, M. Allen
8, Llddle 13, Schaefer 10, Jackson 11, Haight 13.
The scores of the team match wye as
follows: •
Electric.
Wetmore 1001 11111101 10 1-11%
V^rnou 1 110111110101 00-10 \3i
Wild 11l 11011111011 1-13J
Lincoln No. 1.
Karney 101 11001111011 1-11%
Franzen I 1111111111111 1-15^38
Daniels 1 1011011101111 1-12 j
Lincoln No. 2.
Forster 0 110 0 0 1110 110 10- 81
Bruns 1110011110011 1 1-11 J-27
Ellis FoTster....OO 1 Oil 100111010- s)
Stockton Athletic Club.
Haas 1 10111001111 10 1-11%
Merrill 11 111111011011 1-13 V32
S^cbaefer 1 1101110000100 1- 8>
Lincoln No. 3.
Bharo 0 00111100111110— 9)
Allen 11111111111110 1-14 1 3«
Whitney. 1 1111111110011 I— l3J
Olympic No. 1.
Feuaner 1 1111111 01 111 l 1—14%
Webb 1 1111111011011 1-13 (.39
Nobbeman 1 111011110111 1 o— l'jj
Olympic No. 2.
Fanning 1 1111111111111 1-151
H. (iolcher I 0110111101001 l-io 5-38
Halght 10111011111111 I-13 J
Olympic No. 3.
Bekeart 11110110111101 1-121
Keudner 0 1110111010101 l-io V 33
Liddle 1 1011110001111 l-nj
Fanning won the seventh event, 15
singles, known traps and angles, with a
clean score. The results:
WpW 14. Feudner 12, Fanning 15, Webb 14,
Notlbman 13, Johnson 12, Bekeurt la, Whitney 9
Merrill 10. Vernon 9, X Forster 13, Bobbins 9'
Thorn 4, W. (Jolchpr 10, Hughes 7, lieake 11
Daulells 11, Holmes 9.
Two Grand Kvont*.
The University of California Glee and Man
dolin Club wili begin their selling of reserved
seal tickets this morning at Sherman & Clay's
music-store for the grand concert that they
will give at the Auditorium, corn«r of Eddy
and Jones streets, on Monday evening next.
The programme contains many original novel
ties, and souvenir programmes will be dis
tributed to all who attend. FoDular prices
will prevail, 25, 50, 75 cents and $1.
To-morrow morning at 9 o'clock the sale of
seats will begin for the grand concerts to be
given by Sousa's famous band on Friday, Satur
day ana Sunday next at the Auditorium. For
the accommodation of the public the tickets
will be placad on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
music-house, corner of Putter and Ke&rny
streets. The prices will be 25. 50, 75 cents and
$1. The opening eight's programme will in
clude a number at novelties and some of Mr.
Sousa's new compositions, never heard in ban
Francisco.
THE NAVAL RESERVE SHIP
How the Old Monitor Comanche
Will Be Manned by the
Battalion.
A NEW ENGINEER'S DIVISION.
With a Modern Eattery She Would
Be an Effective Harbor and
Coast Defender.
When the Naval Reserve monitor
Comanche gets steam in her long-cold
boilers, and her propeller, motionless for
a decade, gets to moving, the militia
sailors of the State of California will be
equipped far in advance of the battalions j
of the East. They will have a steam j
vessel — a tighter, even if an old type
craft — with two 19-ton (15-inch) guns in
her single turret.
It would hardly be safe to throw her up
against the Monterey, for even if her
armor belt is 5 inches and her turret is 10
inches in thickness (.the Monterey's belt
is 13 and her turrets 14), "Bis Betsy" and
"Alice" (12-inch rifles), throwing each 850
pounds of steel urged forward by 425
pounds of powder, wouldn't do a thing to
the Naval Reserve boat. Even the two 10
--inch rifles in the after turret of the new
coast defender, pitching a 500-pound pro
jectile each, might make affairs r»ainful for
the monitor built iust one-third of a cen-
tury ago.
Neither would it be fair for Lientenant-
Commander Turner to rush his flagship
against the Alonadnock with her 9 inches
of armor and HJ/£ inches of turret thick
ness, because those four 10-inch rifles,
which can heave a ton of metal at one
battery discharge, might do some damage
and puf some of the States naval forces
on the pension list.
After a while, when the Navy Depart
ment gets a few surplus modern guns
built, the Oomanche may be provided
with a couple of breech-loading rifles with
new carriages. The Government has con
verted old 11 and 15 inchers by ramming
an 8-inch rifle barrel into their smooth
throats, but that method has also become
obsolete. As it is it is hardly fair to drill
the naval militia with an old battery that
tnrew round shot thirty years ago.
When the Comanche goes into commis
sion she will need an engineers' force ana
this will necessitate the. addition of a new
company to the battalion.
The engineers' division of the reserve
vail be composed of about twenty firemen
and coalheavers. The naval service fire
men get $30 and $35 per month and coal
heavers $22, and as feeding the furnaces of
a monitor, even during a cruise of a few
days, is not a pleasure excursion it is not
known what arrangements the State will
make to till this division. Several ma
chinists will be reouired to practically
handle the engines wnen the vessel is un
der steam.
In the navy these rank tis chief-petty
officers, $70 per month, and first-class petty
officers at $55. Tfeey pass a thorough ex
amination in marine steam engineering.
There must be also three commissioned
engineer officers, a chief With the rank of
lieutenant and two assistants with prob
ably the rank of ensign. Any master
marine engineer is eligible for these posi
tions.
The engineers' division is drilled with
small arms and can take place in the line
with muskets and accoutrements under
their division officers when not aboard the
ship. They will be enlisted in the naval
reserve and subject to the rules and regu
lations the same as the men of the other
divisions. At sea, or when under etearn,
the engineer officer of the watch is under
the command of the officer of the deck,
even should the rank of the former be
higher than that of the latter.
The Comancbe has no boats, conse
quently those now in the battalion's pos
session will be hoisted on the monitor's
davits when she goes to «ea. A steam
launch will be provided for her at, the
navy-yard if required.
Adjutant-General Barrett, when inter
viewed regarding these arrangements,
stated that in all probability the Navy De
partment would place several enlisted
men and petty officers or yard employes
aboard to care for the vessel and her en
gines, as she is still the property of the
United States Government and must be
looked after by experienced shipkeepers.
However, they will be under the orders of
the commander of the battalion, who will
be directly responsible for her safety.
The Comanche is in excellent condition
throughout, from turret to fireroom, and
with a modern battery of rifles acid ma
chine guns, manned by the battalion, she
would be no mean harbor-defense craft.
She is a roomy vessel, 200 feet 2 inches in
length. 45 feet 11 inches in beam, and has
a draught of 11 feet 0 inches. Her speed
is six knots and her coal capacity is lbO
tons. The engines are of 350 indicated
hoisepower. She was built in 1863, at a
cost of about $620,000. A few months ago
she was put in the drydock, scraped and
her hull given a coat of anti-fouling paint,
consequently she only needs her coal
bunkers reolenished to be ready for sea.
General Barrett states that she will be
turned over to the naval reserve when the
Governor calls for her.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Champion Harlow and J. Kiordan
Defeat J. C. Nealon and T. F.
Bonnet.
The handball courts were crowded yes
terday and several games of more than
usual interest; were played. At the San
Francisco court tha spectators were
treated to one of the finest exhibitions
of handball ever seen in any of the local
courts. It was in tbe match of the day be
tween J. Harlow, the coast champion, and
J. Riorcian, and James C. Nealon and
T. P. Bonnet.
Riordan is again playing in his old-time
form, and in yesterday's great game never
missed a chance. The first game was won
by Nealon and Bonnet with comparative
ease, but Harlow and Riordan carried off
the next three, although by narrow ma
jorities. The feature of the day vras the
line serving of Bonnet.
Another interesting game was played
between P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and G. Hutcbinson, and Al
Peaaoyer and J. Lawless. Donnelly and
Hutch inson won easily in two straight
carries.
At the Union court the event of the day
was a match between J. J. Feeney and
Terry McManus and J. Rogers and Dan
Feehily. Feeney and McManus proved
too strong for their opponents and won by
three games to two.
Following were the games played.
■ S«n Francisco court — M. McNeil and J. Rog
ers played W. Manion and G. McDonald, and
each side won a rub. F. Moran and J. Mc-
Carthy defeated C. Murray and J. Sullivan:
Ul— l2, 18—21, 21—14. C. Cellahan and J.
Fitzgerald deieated If. McDevitt and J. Col
lopy: 21—17,9—21.21—13. J. Slftttery and
P. Kelly defeated M. Dillon and J. Nelson,
21-13. 15-21, 21-18. R. Murphy and M.
Edwards defeated G. Cunningham and J. Col
lins, 21—12, 19— 21,21— 1 i. P. Donnelly, the
amateur champion, and G. Hutcliirison de
feated Al Pennoyer arid J. Lawless, 21—12.
-I— IS. J. Harlow, the coast champion, and J.
Riordan defeated James C. Kealon and T. F.
Bonnet, B—2l, 21—18, 21—19, 21—18.
Union court— Professor Lynch and C. John
sou defeated Ed Parkinson and O Hendry,
21— 17/21-19. H. Batzner and I. McKenna
defeated H. McKenny and Dan Doolev, 21—19,
18—21, 21—17. William McManus and John
McGrath defeated William Kehoe and M. Ke
nealy, 21—20, 21—18. Barney Hufjaes de
feated Dan Doherty, 21—18, 19—21, 21—10.
Hugh McGinnis of Vallejo and \V. McQueeny
defeated Pete McKeon and M. Shernt, 18—21,
21—16, 21—19, 21—18. T. Welch and P. Welch
defeated P. Farrell and P. Johnson, 21—17.
21—16. J. J. Feeney and Terry McManus de
feated J. Roger and Dan Feehily, 21—19, 18—
21, 21—17, 16—21, 21—18.
HONORED MORMONS.
Bishop Abrani Hatch and Bishop Wil
liam Langton Address the
Saints.
Bishop William Langlon of Salt Lake
City and Bishop Abrani Hatch of HebeT,
(Jtah, addressed large audiences of Latter-
Dcy Saints at Pythian Castle yesterday-
Bishop Langton gave a testimony of his
seventeen years' experience as a Mormon.
Bishop Hatch, who was a member of
the Utah Legislative Assembly for three
terms, and well known as a man of affairs,
talked in the evenine of "Reminiscences
of Joseph Smith." Referring to the Mor
mon prophet, .he said :
"I knew Joseph Smith by inspiration
the first lime I saw him. I needed not
that any one should tell me who he was.
"I have always been proud of being
called a Mormon and telling the people
that I am a follower of Joseph Smith and
Brigham Young. Those men have been
counted as false prophets, but they were
(rue and are acknowledged by thousands
to-day.
"No one except a marl of God could have
done what Joseph Sr.iith did. He trans
lated and published the Book of Mormon,
which gives the social and intellectual
status, also the laws and doings of the
people on this continent.
"Joseph's followers were humble people,
but they always rallied around him in
hours of trouble.
"Joseph Smith certified to the world the
truthfulness of his conviction and be be
lieved the Mormon records to_ be true as
much as he believed that he lived.
"While Briccham Young was once the
most unpopular man of the United States,
now he is lookfd upon as a m._st re
markable man because of the great work
he did in establishing the Mormon colon}
•iu Utah."
Mr. Hatch closed with a strong plea for
tomperance, stating that every consistent
Latter L"ay Saint is a total abstainer.
COURSING AT TWO PARKS
Winners of the Stakes Decided
at Ocean View Yester
day.
Eastern Dogs Won the Bulk of the
Money at Newark — The
Puppy Stakes.
Pleasant weather and the prospect of
seeing a lot of high-class does chase the
eltisiv* jacks conspired to draw a large
crowd of coursing men to Ocean View
Park yesterday and none left disappointed
at the quality of the sport. The hares
were in line fettle and led the. dogs long
nins in mo3t of the events. The enthusi
asts were in a mood for speculating ana
the poolbox did a big business in conse
quence.
Two stakes, the regular and an eight-dog
consolation, were decided, Electric winning
the former and Lord Clifton the latter. In
the sixteen-dog stake the run down re
sulted as follows:
J. Bradshaw's May Belle beat W. Shields' Re
gent, F. Brown's Killmore beat J. J. Edmond's
Unknown, T. Neenan's Yreka beat W. Murphy's
Lord Clifton, J. J. Edmond's Vida Shaw beat P.
Brophy's Jumbo, A. Merrill's Snowbird beat C.
Evan's l>ashaway, J. Larkey's Spinaway beat
Villa Kennel's Tempest, J. Sexsmith's Mission
Boy beat J. Edward s Valley Queen, Villa ken
nel's Electric beat B. Leonard's Will-o'-the-
Wisp.
First ties— May Belle beat Killmore, Yreka
beat Vida Shaw, Spinaway beat Snowbird,
Electric beat Mission Boy.
Second ties— Yreka beat May Belle, Electric
bpßt Spinaway.
Final— Electric beat Yreka.
Prizes— Electric $20, Yreka $10, May Belle
$5, Spinaway $5.
Judee, Edward Canavan; slipper, John
Cranston.
The consolation rnn was as follows:
Will o' the Wisp beat Victor, Pride of the
Valley boat Foxhall, Lucky Dog beat Tempest,
Lord Clifton beat Flambeau.
First ties— Will o' the Wisp beat Pride of the
Valley. Lord Clifton be>it Lucky Dog.
Final— Lord Cliiton beat Will o' the Wisp.
Prizes— Lord Clifton, $8; Willo" the Wi&p,s4.
On Sunday next a twenty-four-dog stake
at $1 50 entrance will be decided.
The second day of the Interstate Club's
meeting at Newark resulted in some good
coursing, the Mulcaster dogs — Kirk Glen
and Fear Not — demonstrating their su
periority by winning the bulk of the money.
The semi-final was between Fear Not
and Lady Fitzgerald, and Dillon's clever
bitch held the Eastern rjyer so close that
only a point divided their scores when
puss was killed. Her performance stamps
her as a remarkable houna.
As the linal would come between Kirk
Glen and Fear Not Mr. Mnlcaster decided
not to run them, as the former dog was.
much exhausted, having, coursed and
killed three hares the last time he was
slipped. The first and second prize?, ag
gregating $204, were accor iingly divided
by the two hounds. Lady Fitzgerald took
third prize, ?36.
The finish of the puppy stakes resulted
in a win for Bonny Belle, who defeated
Lady Campbell after that clever bitch had
disposed of Pocahontas. The prizes were :
Bonnie Belle, $33; Lady Campbell, $18,
and Focahontos, $9.
Is the light that will hring a great big glow of
Happiness to you. By it you will see how
strong and vigorous your now weak body can
be made. Hudyan is for man. The great Hmi-
yan is to be hud only from the Hudson Medical
Institute. This wonderful discovery was made
by the specialists of the old famous Hudson
Medical Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitaHzer made. It is so powerful that
it is simply wonderful harmless it is. You
can get it from nowhere but from the - Hudson
Medical Institute. Write for circulars and tes-
timonials.
This extraordinary Rejuvenator is the most
wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
indorsed by the leading scientific men of Eu-
rope and America. • \! .»r ,
HIinYAN is purely vegetable. -
11UDYAX stops premntureness of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures L.OST MAN-
HOOD, constipation* dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitching of the eyes and other
parts. '
Strengthens, invigorates and tones the entire
system. It is as cheap as any other remedy, •
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak or-
gans. Pains in the back, tones by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
ments.
Prematureness means impotency in the. first
stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty
days by the use of Hudyan. Hudyan costs no
more than iiny other remedy.' ■ . •
Send for circulars and testimonials. . --. v l
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAX. FRAXCIBCO, CAL.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
BUI DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAB IKON.. »1.75 bane
ANGLE IRON 2.25 flat
BAND IKON.. 2.10 ••
Round Edge Tire Steel 2.15 flat
Toe , :•• ......... 2.40 ':••
Plow •• 2.25 "
German Hammered" 3.75 base
Pick . ** — :.... 4.00 ' "
Machinery " •• 2.00 "
Spring - " 2.50 •• '
Cold Rolled •• 3.25 ••
Finished Shafting 3.25 •♦
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
City Office:— Cor. Howard & Bealc Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
JIIIa Heally
Believed "the WAV£RLEY to be strictly high
grade,. of course you wouldn't buy at a
higher price.
Come and examine the make-up of our
wheel. '
We »how you all that goo Into It "Inside
outside. Seeing is believing. We have.
convinced many.
catalogue FREE. Men's, $85 . . . .
agents wanted. Ladles', »75 and »85
Indiana Bicycle Co.
J. 8. CONWELL, Manager, "
18 and 20 McAllister Street, S. F.
FAIL
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TRKATS ALL CHROXIO'
O diseases of the head, throat, lun;s, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, bydrocele and swelling' of the glands.
.Loss or partial loss of sexual power In either men.
or women, emission.*, sleeplessness, mental worry
baslifi!lnes>. failing memory and ail the distress-
-1 In? ills resulting from nervous debility positively
ani permanently cured. (sonorrhcoa, Gleet. Stric-
t ure and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syoh.
ills, thoroughly and forever cured. '-.'.■."
your troubles If living away from til*
city and advice «cill be civen you free of charge.
Address • P. L. SWKANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
. San Francisco, Cat
( , mere in a ?^Ss^E| fgpr #
( 1 T .ere is more in tha \\
; I Monarch bK.:;
! ! 'miJ 1 "*' 1 "- t?0 * nd 10 °. full - T (to«»nt«<l. For S
I I chlMrcn and »dnll» who want a lower priM wh«l ( I
_ . I ) toe Deoance is made in 8m0de1»,510,530,{60,f75. S*
P Send for Monarch book. S
I > MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., II
it 8 and 5 Front St., San FrunclM-o. S
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly -
relieves and soon cures all Colds. Hoarseness, sore
Throat, BrouchUis, - Congestions and Inflamm*-
! (loos. * : 60c per bottle, sold by Druggist*
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Fre«:
Tally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
p«lir »nd Sunday Call, one year, by mall ... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by. mall.. 8.00
Pally and Sunday ix, three months by mail 1.50
I »l!.v and Sunday c*h, one month, by mail.. ," .65
Ennday Call, one year. by ma 11.... 1.60
V uklv Call, one year, by mall «« 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE t
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
I>l«pbone Main- 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
6:80 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larktn street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc-W . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opeD
ontil 9 o'clock.
251 8 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnti street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
JtMms SI and 32. 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
iIOXDAV... ....FEBRUARY 24. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
We expect the Kentucky Senate to do
the repeal act this week.
The Democrats had better give Dan
Stuart a contract to pull off their faction
rights. _
What the monopoly calls its "literary
bureau" pans out to be more like a waste
paper basket.
Blessings may brighten as they take
their flight, but business brightens as it
comes our way.
About the only effect of the Pattison
boom so far has been to flatten out that of
Colonel Bill Morrison.
It is true the tariff bill is before the
Senate, but for all that the Senate might
overtake it by trying hard.
"Now that Mrs. Lease has broken the ice
as a preacher we may expect to hear soon
that she has made the water boil.
The speeches in the Senate on the Cuban
question were ringing, but unfortunately
they didn't ring the independence bell.
The Democrats may at least console
themselves by the thought that they have
no Presidential boom that is crowding the
It takes Kentucky a long time to elect
a Republican Senator, but then perhaps
she iinds the operation too glorious to be
hurried.
Now that Dan Stuart has succeeded with
his tisric carnival, he should go into poli
tics and see if he can pull off a non-parti
san movement.
South Africa may be the biggest gold
mining country in the worid now, but
when California gets her second wind she
will take the lead again.
The latest theorist on the money ques
tion is a Missourian, who announces him
self in favor of gold, silver, nickel, copper,
paper and "a Jeetle more counterfeit."
Since the pardoning board has been es
tablished in Ohio tne yearly number of
pardons has been reduced two-thirds, and
it is about time to call it a non-pardoning
board.
If the Cubans cannot do enough for us
to recognize their independence it might
be a good plan for us to give them inde
pendence and see if they would recog
nize it.
The final accounts of the Atlanta Expo
sition show a deficit of $29,806, but the ad
vertising and booming it received for that
amount was well worth ten times the
money.
l^ailns proposes to celebrate next year
the semi-centennial of the treaty of Guada
lune-Hidalgo, and perhaps California will
be ready to join in the frolic and carry off
the prizes.
From the way Cleveland's friend Bene
dict works his mouth we can understand
why the President never gave him an
olnce. He would have been sure to put
his loot in it.
Republicans of the Southern States are
in hopes of getting the Vice-PresiJency
this year, and Governor Bradley of Ken
tucky and H. Clay Evans of Tennessee
have been put into training.
It is not surprising to learn that the Re
publican and Populist fusion in North
Carolina is showing signs of dissolution.
This is not a good year either for non
partisans or combination partisans.
Before spring is over we may expect
some man to rise up and claim to have in
vented an X ray by which he can photo
graph a contention hall in May and show
who is going to be nominated in it next
summer.
Within two months of the present year
Germany has given us the Roentgen pho
tograph, the Zeppelin airship and the
Brand rifle operated by explosive gas, so
that if we are to hold our supremacy in
mechanical invention it is time for our
wizards to get to work and do something.
A committee of the New York Legisla
ture, appointed to investigate road im
provement, has reported that at present it
coats 26 cents a mile to haul produce to
market in that State, while with good
roads the cost would be only 7 cents and
the total saving would be $16,000,000.
Thirty btudents of the University of
Missouri who ripped up a plank sidewalk
and carted the boards off have been sus
pended, but if they will come out to this
City and tear up a cobblestone pavement
and carry the cobblestones away we will
give them a diploma with the highest
honors.
There are so many candidates for the
Presidency in the Republican party that
little or no thought has beea given to aspi
rants for the second place on the ticket.
New Jersey, however, has a favorite son in
the person of Mr. Hobart, whom she is
booming for the Vice-Presidency, and is
Beekinß, it is said, to make a combination
with Allison.
The Chicago Record deserves a gold
plated patent for the suggestion of a
cathode-ray attachment to the opera-glass
so that it will be possible to see through
the theater hat. The patent won't go,
however, unless the ray is so graduated
that it will pot also penetrate the padding
of the play and give the public nothing
but a bone show.
BESULTS OF POBEOLOSTJRE.
A naive telegram from Washington ap
peared in Sunday's GhronicU concerning
the funding proposition. It speaks of a
"new influence" that has arisen in Opposi
tion to funding, ana adds:
"A stronger pressure is now being
brought to bear than ever before to have
the Government foreclose on the Pacific
railroads. It is not part of the scheme,
however, that the Government shall con
trol and operate the roads. It is nothing
more or less than a plan to have the Gov
ernment foreclose, put up the roads at
auction and then buy them in at the mini
mum figure, which Congress will in all
probability set. The Vanderbilts are the
ones most generally mentioned as behind
this movement, but it is possible that
still another interest has its eye on having
a transcontinental line. A Rigniiicant
statement was made by ex-Congressman
Coombs of Brooklyn, representing a pow
eriul syndicate, when before the House
Committee on Pacific Roads. He was a
stanch advocate of tbe plan to foreclose on
the Pacific roads, but was strongly opposed
to the idea of Government control. He
made a careful canvass of the situation, he
said, and had been assured that in the
event the Government did foreclose on the
Pacific roads and put them up at auction
the sum of $120,000,000 would be offered for
the Union Pacific or Central Pacific alone.
He said that he could give no estimate ex
cept on the system as a whole."
Our contemporary editorially sheds light
on tne subject. After intimating that a
gigantic conspiracy has been formed to de
feat refunding, place a low valuation on
the debtor roads and turn over the prop
erty to the Goulds and Vanderbilts, thus
robbing the Government of a large amount
of money when it might recover the entire
debt under the refunding scheme, it
charges that "the opponents of refunding
are playing a very raw game.'' It asserts:
"They declare through their chosen mouth-
pieces that the scheme to despoil the Gov
ernment is solely in the interest of Van
derbiit and Gouid. We do not believe this,
but if they are right the situation is not
bettered. Gould and Vanderbilt are no
more entitled to rob the people of the
United State? than other persons with pre
datory inclinations, and to argue that they
should be permitted to do so, as the anti
refunders are doing, indicates a serious in
capacity to distinguish between right and
wrong, or a slavisn desire to please men as
well able and willing to pay for attentions
and services as the Vanderbilts and Goulds
notoriously are."
Whether or not that intelligent, patriotic
ami overwhelming sentiment in California
which opposes refunding is willing cheer
fully to submit to these charges is a matter
tnat must rest between our contemporary
and its readers. The Call is positive that
no conspiracy exists between the anti
funding sentiment of California" and the
Goulds and Yanderbilts to rob the United
States. On the contrary, the advent of a
prospective purchaser for the aided roads
at a price which will cover the Govern
ment's rights, with the further prospect of
the Government's ability to recover from
the private estates of the o%vners any deficit
that may be represented by a "minimum
price," offers the only reasonable hope for
a recovery of the entire debt. It is diffi
cult to imagine an intelligent Californian
who believes that refunding would secure
that end. Sale at foreclosure to antagonis
tic interests would effectually cure the
present cvii of impairing the value of the
Government's security by a diversion of
traffic from the aided lines, and would give
California what it needs above all things
else, direct overland railway competition.
Remove from the Central Pacific the bur
den of diversion and impairment under
which it now suffers and it would be a far
more productive property than it is. As
part of a line reaching to the Atlantic it
would be more valuable still. Best of all,
its independent ownership and competitive
operation would be the making of San
Francisco, while refunding, for which our
contemporary argues, would perpetuate
the present monopoly and the evils which
prohibit the progress of the State.
AN UNWISE PRACTICE.
It is proposed to bring before the next
session of the local Labor Convention a
resolution calling upon all labor organiza
tions to unite in efforts to secure better
treatment of street-railway employes in
tb/.s City than they are receiving. Mr.
F.urns, tne advocate of the proposition,
gives the information that gripmen, motor
men and conductors are compelled to
serve fourteen hours a day, less a few
minutes devoted to a hasty luncheon.
That these men, especially gripmen and
motormen, are under a severe nervous
strain in addition to their physical labors
is evident when it is reflected that during
a great part of every day they must exer
cise the utmost watchfulness in guarding
human lives. Their position is, therefore,
far more wearing than that of a person
whose labor is not burdened with so heavy
a responsibility ar.d so ceaseless a strain.
It seems reasonable, therefore, to assume
not only that the long hours are an exces
sive hardship on the men, but that their
attention under the strain might lag and
thus make accidents probable. As Mr.
Burns says, "there would be fewer people
killed and injured if the mtn in charge of
the street cable and electric cars were not
overworked." This is a matter in which
the public has a. very close interest, apart
from any humane considerations affecting
the operatives themselves. It can hardly
be doubtea that the profits of most of the
streetcar companies would make shorter
hours possible.
Mr. Burns points out another matter
that would seem to call for State regula
tion. He says there are 3000 streetcar
operatives in San Francisco, and that each
is required to deposit $25 with the com
pany to cover possible damages and dis
honesty. This makes a fund of $75,000 on
which the companies can draw interest.
If this interest should be turned over to
the men it would be only a trifle to each,
but to the companies it means an income
of about $4000 a year. That sum, less de
ductions by the companies for legitimate
purposes, would be very useful to ihe men
in an organized capacity, particularly as a
pension fund or as a fund to insure against
accident or death. This is a legitimate
subject for legislative control.
A NEW DISTUfiBANOE.
That part of the Queen's address to Par
liament which urged the adoption 01
methods for improving the condition of
English farmers has had an unexpected
result. The first scheme proposed in Par
liament was the construction of light rail
roads to penetrate the agricultural dis
tricts. Then came the Minister of Agri
culture with a bill absolutely and
permanently prohibiting the importation
of live animals from any part of the
world, the colonies included. From ail
this has grown an expansion of the sub
ject to include the idea of a protective
tariff, and hence an abandonment of the
ancient free-trade idea to a considerable
extent.
It will be observed that not until im
provements were made in foreign agri
cultural methods and reductions were
I made in transport charges on imported
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
prodncts did the farmers of England be
gin to experience a pinch and demand
governmental consideration of their inter
ests. By an accident w"hich was lucky for
the free-trade sentiment of Great Britain
her colonies were remote, and their compe
tition with home producers was not a seri
ous matter. Then England, giving more
heed to the development and extension of
her commerce and to the encouragement
of hjer merchant marine than to the pros
perity of her farmers, aiming; always to
extend her influence and empire, steadily
drove her home producers to the wall.
This had a certain good effect on agricul
ture, for under such a pressure it was de
veloped more and more. At last, however,
the limit seems to have been reached, and
a grave political isßue has been precipi
tated.
The idea of light tramways penetrating
agricultural districts and of a movement
to secure a reduction of internal charges
for the transportation of farm products is
most praiseworthy, but it is merely evi
dence of the fact that free trade has threat
ened the ruin of agriculture in England,
and that the proposed facilities for mar-
keting farm products are simply an expe
dient to evade temporarily an inevitable
falling back upon a protective tariff. We
may expect that the manufacturing inter
ests of that country will give no present
support to the protection movement, and
that the farmers will be left to make their
fight alone. But England must sooner or
later resoxt to a protective tariff, modified
by judicious reciprocity. The idea cannot
ripen all at once. Antagonisms with the
colonies will have to be carefully guarded
against, and any policy to secure that nar
mony will run the risk of antagonizing
other countries. These embarrassments,
it may be said in passing, do not exist in
the case of the United States.
GIVE THEM A CHANCE.
It is generally understood that a consid
erable number of people have come from
Florida to California to assume their pre
! vious occupation of orange-growing, hav
ing discovered that the uncertainties of
! the climate of Florida n.ake the under
! taking too hazardous and that it is at'
I tended with no profit.
j . To such newcomers a hearty welcome
i should be extended, even by those who are
! engaged in identically the same line ofbnsi
i ness. They should be shown everything
j there is to be seen in California, for there
i can be no profound secret in orange cul
ture, and, more than this, every facility
should be afforded them for the purchase
of land and the planting out of orchards,
for, with Florida practically out of the
j race, there need not be the slightest fear
j of overproduction in California oranges,
provided the quality be maintained.
For this reason we advise the extremest
liberality to Florida orange-growers who
purpose making their honjes in Califor
nia. The great need of this State, from
one end to the other, is people who' will
till the soil intelligently and economically,
who will make homes for themselves,
I their children and their children's chil
j dren, and who will identify themselves
j with the State of their adoption. Every
| such newcomer is a missionary in behalf
j of California, ond hi? example and iniiu
i ence will be invaluable because spontane
ous and unsolicited. In every part of
California, from north to south, wherever
the sun shines and the water runs, wher
i ever the orange tree will bourgeon and
: blossom, there should be extended the
; heartiest welcome to those who have dis
covered that there is a more favorable
locality for orange-growing than the State
of Florida, and who are prepared to assist
us in developing the enormous natural
resources of California.
COAST EXCHANGES.
Good results of the recent visits to all
parts of the State made by members of the
Bureau of Highways are becoming mani
fest in the more progressive communities.
If the people co-operate with their Boards
of Supervisors as they did in the following
instance, narrated by the L.os Angeles
Times, the problem of good roads would be
quickly solved :
"At last one community has found out
how to improve its roads. The people
living north of this city, from the city lim
its to Tropico and Glendale, have devised
a way to get good roads out of their taxes.
The plan is this: The taxpayers got to
gether and agreed to give so many days'
work with a team, or to pay so much
money into a general fund. With this in
hand they proposed to the Supervisors
that they would haul to the road any
amount of good gravel the board would
shovel into their wagons, and spread after
it had been put into the proper piace. An
excellent bed of disintegrated granite was
uncovered at Tropico and the work was
begun. The Board of Supervisors provide
men to load the wagons and to level the
gravel on the road. A big line of teams is
at work, and mo3t of three miles from the
city limits to the store at Tropico has been
covered with a good coat of this. The re
sult is an ideal road."
The Riverside Enterprise notes a kindred
spirit of progress on the part ot the Board
of Supervisors of San Bernardino County.
The board passed an order providing that
signboards and posts be placed along all
the roads on the desert section of that
county, so that the travelers on these
sandy as well as dangerous wastes might
be safely guided to their destination. Fol
lowing this very sensible action, the board
at its last meeting made arrangement for
the locating of water-tanks on the dcs crt
where the scant supply of spring water
might be saved for the use of travelers.
Our contemporary says this of the good
results that will follow :
"A well-known prospector of this city,
in speaking of the work of the San Ber-
nardino board, said that it would advance
the development of the mines of that
county many years."
The development of oil in various parts
of the State is proceeding steadily under
the stimulus of the profits which are ac
cruing to well-owners in Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles counties. As a result of
the operations in Fresno County the Vi
salia Delta notes the fact that a new town
called Oil City has been started in the oil
regions near Coalinga by Captain Barrett
of Selma, and adds: "One well is being
put down now and machinery ordered for
three more. The first well is being driven
for artesian water and will be sunk 2000
feet, if necessary ; the other wells are for
petroleum. The captain is from Pennsyl
vania and is familiar with, the oil busi
ness. Lately he made a trip East, visiting
the oil regions of Pennsylvania and the
principal cities of tha East, and claims to
have enlisted capital to carry on a very
large business in the new town."
The Los Angeles Journal announces that
Dr. P. G. Cotter, physician to tho Territo
rial Prison at \uma arid chairman of the
citizens' committee which made arrange
ments for a right of way for the new Colo
rado River canal through that town, has
been visiting Los Angeles. He predicted
that the iirigation facilities thus secured
will increase the population of Yurna to
10,000 in five years and bring 80,000 -acres
of fertile semi-tropical fruit under cuitiva
tion. He gives these particulars of the
undertaking:
"The canal will begin opposite Steven
son's Island, in the Colorado Rirer,
twenty -six miles above Yurua, taking the
water required from that stream. It will
run east along the mesa that skirts the
Gila bottom to a point where the. mesas on
opposite 6ides of the Gila approach each
other. There the water will be conveyed
under the river by means of imme-nse in
verted syphons to the mesa on the south
ern side of the bottom lands. Thence a
canal will follow the mesa west toward the
Colorado River, passing through the town
of Yuma, which is on the Colorado at the
junction of the Giia. Beyond Yuma a
tunnel 3000 feet in length will be cut
through the meaa point, and at its mouth
a fall of eighteen feet will be obtained.
From this enough power will be generated
to supply the town of Yuma with electric
Heats and ran electric street-car lines. To
this point the length of the canal will be
fifty-three miles. Water may then be.con
veyed along the Colorado to the line, and
even into Mexico, for irrigating purposes
in the rich bottom-lands. The total co3t
will be about $700,000, which is furnished
by Phoenix and New York capitalists. The
first few miles of the canal will follow an
old slough or prehistoric canal th at runs
from the Colorado along the mesa. Engi
neers say it must have been a canal built
many years ago. This is indicated by the
regularity of the banks and the lines of
cottonwood growing thereon."
An evidence of the progress of Los An
geles is furnished by the Loa Angeles Jour
nal, which in its issue of the 20th inst.
gives a full account of the extension made
by the Los Angeles Iron and Steel Com
pany for the manufacture of galvanized
iron. Last week "the first sheet of galvan
ized iron made entirely— that is, rolled as
well as galvanized— west of St. Louis was
turned oui." In order to make this im
provement the company sold $10,000 worth
of stock. The plant is the fifth of its kind
in existence, being a new invention of
English origin. Its valuable feature is its
use of petroleum instead of coke for fuel.
Now that Santa Rosa has successfully
carried out its plan of establishing public
water works by the issuance of bonds it is
encouraging to read the following in the
Alameda Encinah "The proposition to
bond Suisun for $42,000 to acquire lands,
water rights of way necessary for the con
struction and completion of public water
works was submitted to the voters of that
town yesterday and was carried by a vote
of 145 to 6. The present water supply,
controlled by the Suisun and Fairfield
Water Company, is inadequate and the
people demanded a water supply to be
owned and controlled by the town. Bonds
will be issued for the •sum mentioned,
bearing interest at 5 per cent. Suisun has
paid the present company $151,792 in
thirty years."
The Contra Costa Newt, noting the fact
that Antioch has organized a Board of
! Trade, is urging its citizens to follow that
example. There certainly can be no ade
; quate progress without intelligent co- !
1 operation, and the communities which
neglect that duty cannot hope to Keep
I pace with more energetic towns.
The San Jose Mercury says that Milpitas
is soon to have a vegetable cannery. The
town is situated in a region admirably
suited to the growing of vegetables, the
gardens which are already in existence
giving abundant returns. It is a deplor- \
able fact that most of the large quantities j
of canned vegetables consumed in Cali- I
fornia are shipped hither from the Eastern
States, when local canners. with so favor- :
I able a climate to assist them, could
! produce a mnch better article at a lower 1
i price and with generous Drofits. Milpitas !
is in the heart of the most densely popu
lated section of California; it has perfect
conditions of soil and climate, and but
trifling transportation charges to the con
suming centers. A vegetable cannery
[ there ought to prove highly successful.
Such an institution will raise local values,
extend local industries, increase the popu
lation and add to the general prosperity.
The Crockett Record indicates an invit
i ing opportunity for the profitable invest
, ment of outside capital in the erection of
I houses there. The town has not a suffi
cient number for On needs. Land is held
at reasonable prices and rents are high.
There is rail and water communication
witn San Francisoo. This is only one of
scores of ways in which money can be
profitably invested in California.
Recently The Call, quoting the Citro
graph, announced that Redlands is soon
to have electric light*. The fact is that
Redlands has had electric lights for two
and a half years and that it is now pre
paring to supply Riverside.
The Enterprise, published at Baden, calls
attention to two important industries
which are in operation and projected there
and which bear an important relation to
the City. These are the pottery, pipe and
terra-cotta works of Steiger Sons and the
Wallace brick works. Our contemporary
adds: "These recently acquired indus
tries not only represent a large amount of
capital invested and a large number of
operatives employed here, but their pres
ence is an additional inducement to other
investors and factories to locate at this
point. Bricks, teara-cotta and sewer pipe
are staple articles in the line of building
material."
The Bee has been making careful esti
mates of the population of Sacramento
and announces that it is between 30,000
and 35,000 and steadily increasing.
The Santa Rosa Republican, in its issue
of the 15th, published a handsomely illus
trated page devoted to the admirably ap
pointed high school of that progressive
city.
The Contra Costa Newa is receiving gen
erous congratulations for its recently in
stalled illustrating facilities.
The Fresno Republican announces that
W. J. Deater, editor of the Madera Tribune
has secured control of ex-Senator Goucher'a
paper, the Watchman, recently started at
Fresno.
Gavin D. High, an accomplished journal
ist well known in San Francisco, has
bought the Oakland Times, reduced its
size and improved its quality, and is de
termined to make a good and deserving
paper of it
The Modesto Herald has a fashionable
and highly becoming new dress.
The Fruit Review is a new and attractive
paper at South Pasadena.
The Los Banos Enterprise mattes this
original announcement: "With this
edition the Los Banos Enterprise completes
its fifth year of its existence on earth."
Our sprightly contemporary maintains a
discreet silence with reference to toe
place of its former publication.
Political Equality Club.
The Political Equality Club will hold a meet
ing in St. George's Hall on Mason street to
morrow night, on which occasion the Rev. Mr.
Cruzan will deliver an address, which will be
open to discussion by those present. The
Choral Society of the club, led by Mrs. Ander
son, will render vocal selections.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among promoters of mines, of which there
s a host in San Francisco, few are better
known in the mountain States and Territories
than N. C. Cleary of Colorado, who because he
was once a practicing lawyer is known as
Judge Cleary.
He and Hugh McDonald of Montana not long
sinct sold the Iron Mountain mine, near Red
ding, to New York and London people. Mr.
Cleary is now at the Palace. He is traveling
about nearly all the time.
If he is not somewhere in the West examin
ing a mine he is usually in St. Louis, Chicago,
New York or London unloading it.
In the early days of Leadville Judge Cleary
was a conspicuous figure there. He there got
that taste for mining which has clung to him
N. C. Cleary, the Attorney of the Carbonate Days, Now Promoter of Mines.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
ever since and caused him to forsake the law
for good.
He is a tall man, in middle life, or a few years
beyond. In the flush days of the big carbonate
camp, as Leaaville was called, there were
macy hotly contested mining suits. Loss of
life was almost always Incidental to the final
settlement of title.
It was by the trial of such cases and the
backing of prospectors, which is a common
custom of nearly all residents of such mining
regions, that Mr. Cleary came to throw away
his law bocks altogether. He has recently
spent some time in Montana, where he has
been examining a big property.
John T. Fish of Milwaukee, attorney of the
Ashville branch of the Chicago and North
westeru'Railroao^, is at the Occidental accom
panied by his v. ife and son.
Mr. Fish is one of the best-known men in
that part of the country. He says Wisconsin
is soon to be redistricted, as the Democrats
when in power did a lot of gerrymandering,
and Governor William H. Upham, recently
elected, has to set things right again.
"Ex-Governor I'eck has now gone off lectur
ing," said Mr. Kish, "and Mr. Hoard, who was
Governor before him, is giving all hig atten
tion to the dairy business and running his
weekly paper, which is confined to that sub
ject. Mr. Peck has sold out his Sun, and is no
longer in the newspaper business."
Mr. Fish will be in California several weeks.
He came by way of Cheyenne and Ogden and
will return by Tacoina, where he has some
legal business to transact.
NOVEL CHICKEN-HOUSE.
Down on the water front, close to the Arctic
Oil Works, is one of the most peculiar chicken
houses to be found anywhere. It Is the hull of
a sloop, palled up high and dry, and it an
swers the purpose admirably. The vessel
has evidently boen a wreck for a long time, as
it is in the last stages of decay. The present
owner, D. E. Brot~e, saw It on the beach and
"jumped" it. The craft is about twenty-five
feet lonf? and the whole interior is devoted to
the comfort of a flock of chickens. The bunks
have be?n partitioned off and maice lovely
nests, where any number of "biddies" can lay
or set to their heart's content.
The butt of the mast still standing has been
A NOVEL HKNCOOP.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
arranged with a croaspiece that makes a very'
convenient roost for use in the daytime. The
sternpost has been knocked out, leaving adoor
of good size for chickens who do not care to fly
to the drck and come down the companion
way. There ia every convenience the most ex
acting hen or rooster could desire. The entire
nock seem in good health and spirits and make
good use of their odd home. Several broods
of yonng chicks have just arrived and seem
contented with the place and are likely to re
main.
PERSONAL.
Herberto Moran, a business man of Salvador^
i 6 in town.
J. Jerome Smith, a merchant of Stockton, is
in the City.
Dr. E. N. Crooks of Santa Barbara arrived
here yesterday.
D. M. Griffith, a well-known commercial man
of Bonton, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Colonel Park Henshaw of Chico is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife.
J. Goldstein, the wealthy manufacturer, of
Virginia City is at the Cosmopolitan.
W. Peterson, the merchant and vineyardist,
of Banta Rosa is among recent arrivals.
Colonel Josiah Work, one of the first citizens
of Redcllffe. Pa., is on a pleasure tour, and is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Augustus Keller of Marysville, who is attend
ing the election of officers of the Knights of
Pythias, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
L. li. Griffith, wiao was formerly proprietor
ot a bank in Seattle, and who for over a yen'
has been interested in lv mber and streetcar
enterprises in Guatemala, arrived hero yester
day. He is at the Grand.
A. Schwarzmann, one of the founders and
present owners of the pictorial weekly, Puck,
returned here yesterday from Santa Cruz, Mon
terey, Mount Hamilton and other points. He
is accompanied by his wife a,nd son, Miss Jan
necky aud Edward A. Cale.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE BOUNDING BILLOW.
A Former Owner Pays Tribute to the Old
Craft's Good Qualities.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
Your very interesting account of the end of
the Bounding Billow reached me in a roand
about way. The old bark was built originally
for general freighting purposes, but because of
speed soon became a fixture in tne fruit trade
and for many years was owned by Alpheus
Hardy <fc Co. of this city. She was by them em
ployed ia the Mediterranean business between
this city and Malaga and Messina and was a
great favorite, bringing her cargoes In good
condition and with remarkably short Average
pa>sußes. Being a pood sea boat and generally
a lucky ship she was also a favorite among
masters and seamen, and it was with great
reluctance that she was finally sold.
It was her fate to be forced from the fruit
trade as well as from her wnaltng course by
steam.
"Pity that a blacksmith's shop should
spoil a good ship like her," one of her old
masters said.
That she was a good ship is evidenced by the
fact that she has outlived all of the older men
and business houses that once were interested
in her. It is a pleasure to know that the old
craft maintained her reputation tor "wind
jamming," speed and luck in the North Pacific
as well ns in the North Atlantic. Peace to her
ashes. Yours truly. Ai.pheus H. Hardy
Boston, Mass., February 13, 1896.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
H. Farmer of Masontown, Pa., has the com
pass which was used Dy Colonel Alexander
McLean in completing the survey of the famous
Mason and Dixou line.
Ex-Empress Eugenic has given to the Musee
de 3 Arts . Becoratifs the plans and designs
made for the ornamentation of her private
apartments in the Tuileries.
Prince Emmanuel d'Orleans, whoii engaged
to be married to the Princess Henrlette, elder
daughter of the Comte de Flandre, is the only
son of the Due d'Alencon, and his mother is a
sister of the Empress of Austria.
Professor Janssen and his corps of assistants
are now winter-bound in their observatory on
the summit of Mount Blanc. They will remain
there, cut off from mankind, until late in the
spring. They keep in touch with the world by
means of the telegraph.
The late Prince Henry of Battenberg's chief
passion was music. He was fond In conversa
tion of comparing nations according to their
appreciation of music. He once remarked
to a few friends at Nice that nothing could be
done towards civilizing the Chinese until their
ear for music had been cultivated.
The German Emperor is generally dressed by
sla the morning. The Queen Regent of Spain
is ready for the day's buiiness at 7 sharp
King Humbert of Italy rises at 6, as do also the
King of Sweden and King Charles of Rouma
nia. The Empress Elizabeth of Austria takes
her bath at 4 a. m. and then starts out on long
walks. 6
CURRENT HUMOR.
' A collecting agency in New York is run by
women exclusively, which seems to disprove
the adage a woman's work is never dun —
Texas Sidings.
"How tedious it is playing whist with such a
partner as that Miss Gadabout!"
, "Yes, I believe that girl would ask the Angel
Gabriel 'What's trumps' "?— Detroit Free Press
He sailed away to the Fiji Isles,
Rut he was not slain on the shore,
Nor fattened ahead for a cannibal spread,
As others had been before:
But he met with a far more terrible fate
Than those who had lost their lives.
For the chieftain grim took a fancy to him,
And gave him a hundred wives.— Ufe.
A— Political economy is a ticklish subject!
A man lias to be wideawake to understand all
vi >t Kit it. For instance, the very ideas of
Qtpital and labor
is— Look here, that is simple enough. Bup
posing I borrow 20 marks from you; that
would represent capital.
A— To be sure.
B— Then after a while you would be trying
to get your money back. That would be
labor.— Zeitgeist.
Family doctor— Your wife needs outdoor ex
ercise more than anything el.>-e.
Husband— But she won't go out. What am I
to do?
"Give her plenty of money to shop with. —
New York Weekly.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Delafield— J. 11. M., Santa Rosa, Cal. F. S.
Delafield of New York is stopping at the Paiace
in this City.
Postoffice and Route— O. S. T., Asphalta,
Cal. A post route is established as soon as a
postotiice is established.
Acknowledgments— B., City. It is proper to
acknowledge letters of sympathy, also to ac
knowledge by letter the receipt of floral trib
ute sent with the name of the sender.
No Revenue— F. C, City. England does not
receive any revenue from either of the Aus
tralian colonies or from New Zealand. On th»
Contrary, they are on expense to the home
Government.
Sanpow and the Lion— J. D. 8., Napa, Cal.
Sandow, the strong man, did not wrestle with
Paruell, the lion in Boone's show at the Mid
winter Fair, for the reason that the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals pre
vented the proposed exhibition.
The Irish Flac— K. F., City. One of the old
soldiers who was at the first battle of Bull
Run and was a member of the famous Sixty
ninth of New York says that the Irish brigade
on the Union side carried the Irish flag, and
that in the same fight the Louisiana Tigers
also carried the Irish flag.
Hearts— H. .T. L., City. In playing a game of
heans, three-handed, for a stake a corner and
the drinks, the first man out to pay for the
drinks and the lowest man to win the money.
If A has 4 points to go B has 7 and C 9, and A
should get 7 hearts, B none and C 6. B being
the lowest man would take the stakes.
The Horseshow— i^ J. F.,City. "Herrmann,
the Great," was at the horseshow held here in
the first week of last December. At the same
time he was giving performances at the Cali
fornia. Herrmann, while a certain perform
ance at the theater in which he did not
take part wa« being given, drove to the horse
show and there drove some of his horses in
competition for colors. He returned to the
theater in time to appear in the number an
nounced.
Idols— C. M. D., Mountain View, Cal. The
English, as a Government, did not engage in
the manufacture of idols for the natives of the
East Indies and by such traffic derive a large
revenue. The Government does not allow any
o! the people of the East Indies a large sum of
money annually to k,eep their idols in order
and in that way keep the natives in subjec
tion. The British Government does not inter
fere with the religion of the people of the
East Indies, except in so far as to prevent hu
man sacrifices, such as the burning of widows
on funeral pyres or the use of the juggernaut.
Examination— J. L. 8., Shasta, Cal. Answers
to Correspondents cannot furnish the desired
information as to who it was that obtained the
■highest percentage on civil service examina
tion in the customs service for two reasons.
First, no record is kept of '-the highest per
centage attained by any applicant," and sec
ond, because to obtain that fact it would re
quire an examination of the records for more
than ten years, and none of the clerks in the
department can devote the time from his
other duties required to make such an examin
ation.
HfMAS HAin— H. A., Napa, Cal. Dandruff is
a disease of the scalp, generally speakine,
though it attacks other pans of the human
body. It is claimed that it has a tendency to
accelerate baldness in cases where there is a
predisposition to baldness. The turning of
hair to gray is one of the wonders of nature
and it is doubtful if there is any certain
Method that will prevent hair from turning
that way. Not having experimented. Answers
to Correspondents is unabie to state whether
salt will preserve the color of the hair. It is
claimed that the use of electricity will destroy
permanently the hair on the face without in
jury to the skin. Upon all such matters indi
viduals should consult reliable persons who
have made it a study.
FOR THE LITTLE TOTS.
A dainty little gown for infants is shown
here. The waist is cut with a round yoke,
which is of tucked nainsook with insertions of
Valenciennes lace. The epaulette ruffles ot
embroidery are on the edges of this yoke. The
waist is gathered back and front, and is sewed
to a band, from which the skirt also hangs
The full bishop sleeves are after the latest
models.
tor state occasions little dresses of white
Japanese silk, with ruffles of the same, hare
insertions of Valenciennes lace let in.
Palace mixed candies, 15c lb. Townsend. •
SrEciAL information dally to manufacture™,
business houses and public men by the Pron
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Two hale nonogenarians, Mr. and Mrs.
Moulder, of Honey Creek, Ind., celebrated
the 6;Hh anniversary of their marriage last
week.
At thi3 season a good blood medicine is needed
to give strength and a 'feeling of health and vigor
to th« whole system. To do this nothing equals
Hood's Uarsaparilla. Try It.
Coboxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from th« mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board ac the Hotel del
Coronado, $80; longer stay 92 50 per day. Apply
4 New .Montgomery st., San' Francisco. t r ■'. >■
In spite of its ice and severe cold La
brador possesses 900 species of flowering
plants, 59 ferns and over 250 species of
mosses and lichens.
NEW TO-DAT.
Qreat"" 7^?
This Week
CatcheS » Wonder
; Drugs.
A Face Chamois Free
1 with every purchase.
THE WONDER PRICES!
Swan's Down 10c
De I<alre Powder, 25c and; 50c
1-ablacue Powder 2Cc
IJlien Powder (Fischer's).... "....' 45,5
Pozisoni's Powder ....'... 36 c
I.ydlaPlnkhani's C0mp0und...... ............ 75 C
"Wonder" Sarsaparilla. *. 7 6c
Scott's Emu'.sion ....'. $oc
WONDER DRUGSTORE
■J . (FLETCHER & CO.), .
1028 Market Street.Monday ferruahy 24, 1806
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thiatek.- "The Mountebank."
Cat tfornia Thratkk— "The Bicycle Girl."
D : vmkia THi:ATER-"The Old limekiln."
:•:•:. ecCs Opera-House —•• Pulse of New
• ork.'
Tivoli Opera-Hocse.— "De! Freischutz."
< JiriiriM. — High-Class Vaudeville.
trovFE's Ai.cA/ATt.-'-I.ily of Killarney. "
Fhoot thi Ciu-tfs- DaUy at Halgtn street,
one block Mat of n-.o Park.
1 ay imTßici Track. -Races.
AUCTION SALES?"
By E. S. Steak <fc Co.— Tuesday, February 25,
Furniture, at corner Ellis and Leavenworth' at
10 o'clock.
By Ea6ton- A Fldhidge.— Tuesday, February
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock
nocti.
By Vok Khkix Co. — Thursday. March 5,
Fcal Ksratp. at Solesroom, 513 California street.
at 12 o'clock.
By Sru.ivAN- * DoTiK-Wednesday, Feb. 28,
rorsvß. wai;ous, etc., at S'27 Sixth street, at 11
o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
AYeather prediction for to-day: Partly cloudy.
Thousands crowded the ocean beach yester
day afternoon.
Robert Earlston's ascension by balloon yes
terday was a success.
There wns an immense crowd of people ct
Golden Gate Park yesterday.
Governor Rudd's speech at the Iroquois Club
t-aturiay night pleases his friends.
Carl Martens has left the Tavarv Company
and become Conductor oi the Tivoli.
An overindulgence in stolen -whisky led to
the arrest of two burglars yesterday. '
-V s j h <- work in Golden linte lark is com
pleted there will be a reduction of the extra
force.
A demand will be made of the United States
authorities for a pesthouse site on Ang.-l
The funeral of Menaei Esberg, a prominent
merchant, took place yesterday, with Masonic
honors.
Prir.ee Lugi, lieutenant of the Christofor.?
< olombo, was entertained at Burlinganii
yesterday.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith lectured on "Chris
tianity and Common Sense at Trinity Presby
terian Church.
Mayor Sutro says that if the corporations
paid what they owe the Government taxation
would be reduced.
Impressive service under the auspices of the
Calvarian Society was held in St. Mary's Ca
thedral yesterday.
The life class of the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art witnessed a partial dissection at the To
land Medical College.
Four German sharpshooter clubs held their
monthly bullseye arid point contests yesterday
at the Shell Mound range.
A masquerade ball waa Riven by the Italian
settlement last night at Garibaldi Hall for the
benefit of the military guard.
RUht Rev. Bishoj. Howe of Alaska, who is on
his way to Juneau, j.rr.uhed «t the Church of
the Advent yesterday morning.
A large number of militia riflemen held their
company mpdal shoots on Captain Siebe's
range across the ray yesterday.
Champion Hatlow and J. Riordan defeated
J. O. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet at the San Fran
cisco handball court yesterday.
C. M. Datss of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club made the best score on the Blandinc
medal yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
Bishop William Langton of Salt Lake and
Bishop Abram Hatch of Heber, Utah, ad
dressed the Latter-day Saints at Pythian Castle.
A. Streckn, the -well-known rifleman of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, is the high
man in the contest for the Unired diamond
medal.
Active measures were inaugurated yesterday
for the consolidation of the various socialistic
societies throughout the State into one united
league.
Pome good shooting was done by the marks
men at the California Schuetzen Club Park
yesterday. Eleven members made scores of
over 200.
Padereweki gave his last performance in this
< sty at the- Baldwin last night. It was at
tended by a large and enthusiastic audience of
proiuiuent people.
Dr. J. L York, the liberal lecturer, last even
ing addressed a laree audience in Scottish
Hall on "Romanism, Her Methods of Propa
ganda and Criticism."
Rev. Dr. Case at the Howard-street Methodist
1 hurcb accuses Mayor Sutro of maintaining a
•'moral pesthouse" at the ocean beach. The
Nstive Sons are also criticized.
The final installment of armor-plate for the
battle-ship Oregon has been received at the
Inion Ironworks, and the vesselwiil be ready
for trial speed within eighty days.
Father Yorke made a .spirited address upon
the nature and aims of the League of the Cross
at a rally of Company L of that order at Mis
sion Parlor Hall yesterday afternoon.
Two Bidden deaths were reported at the
Morgue yesterday. One was that of an un
known laborer, employed in discharging the
Rteatner St. Paul; the other of a woman.
Ed Bowen, a teamster living at 1028 Dolores
street, was stabbed in the back by Charles
Kloss, a butcher, on Polfc and Market streets
early yesterday morning, and the police are
searching for Kloss.
The delegate committee of the labor conven
tion met yesterday and appointed a committee
to compile the report of the lnst meeting of the
convention, and another 10 effect a permanent
organization of the council.
Joe Ford, Charles Lynch and John Madison
were arrested at an early hour yesterday morn
ing for attempting to rob Joe Tucker, a cooper
on Mission street, near Fourteenth, while on
his way iiome from the masquerade ball.
OFFICEES INSTALLED.
Commission!! Presented in Company A
of the Boys' Brigade.
Company A of the Fifth Regiment. Boys'
Brigade, installed officers at the Grace M.
E. Church last evening. General Russell,
commander of the bripade in California,
acted as installing-officer, assisted by
Colonel Kingsbury. The officers installed
were: Captain McNeil, First-Lieutenant
Flood, Second-Lieutenant Ormond, Ser
geants San born, Folks. Smith, Kattleman,
Corporals A. ftoboy, McLachlin, G. Sobey]
Hackett and Stokes.
Dr. Colburn delivered an address to the
boys.
St. Patrick's Day Convention.
Th^re was another enthusiastic session of
the St. Patrick's day convention at K. R. B.
Hall yesterday afternoon. The reports from
the different committees showed that the ar-
rnngements relative to the forthcoming cele
bration at Woodward's Pavilion were being
made rapidly, and everything points to its
success. Several lively speeches were made,
«:id the convention adjourned to meet again
iitxt s-unday.
To Entertain the Prince.
J. Calegaris will entertain Prince Louis and
fifteen of his-countrymen at luncheon at Mr.
< alegaris' home, 814 Lombard street, on
Thursday. .
NEW TO-DAY.
Have
YOU
Tried
the great
SKIN CURE?
Its cures of torturing, disfiguring, humiH-
»tiD(r humors are the most wonderful ever
recorded.
Sold throughout the world. British depot: N«w-
»*»v, t, King Kdward-st., London. Potter DkuO
» Chem. Com., Sole Props., Boston, U. S- A.
BISHOP ROWE'S
FIRST SERMON.
He Preaches at the Church
of the Advent Yes
terday.
FASTING OF THE LORD.
An Appropriate Discourse on
This Season of Penitence
and Humiliation.
FIRST BISHOP OF ALASKA.
Dr. Rowe Will Labor Among the
Natives on the Upper Yukon — His
Rise in the Ministry.
The presence of the Bishop of Alaska at
The Right Rev. Dr. P. T. Rowe, First Bishop of Alaska, as He Appeared in the Pulpit of the Church of
the Advent Yesterday Morning.
[From a sketch made from life by a "Call" artist.]
the Church of the Advent drew a large at
tendance to the morning services at that
edifice yesterday.
The Right Rev. Dr. Peter Trimble Rowe j
is tne new Bishop who goes to labor among i
the natives of the far north. The Bishop <
was recently appointeed to the Alaskan ;
see and is now on his way to Juneau. His j
missionary field will extend up the Yukon.
Dr. Rowe seems especially ntted for the j
work, as he is young, vigorous and zealous !
to shed the light of the gospel on benighted I
souls.
Dr. Rowe is a Canadian by birth. He j
was born at Tpronto on November 20, 1860, j
His collegiate education was pursued at i
Trinity University, Toronto, from which ;
source he received the degrees of B.A. in I
in 1878 and M.A. in 1880, both in course, j
He was ordained deacon November 3, 1878, I
and priest November 14, 1880, both by the '
Right Rev. iR D. Fauquler, Bishop of Al
goma.
He was stationed, after his ordination,
among the 0 jibe way Indians at Garden j
I River, Ontario, in the diocese of Algoma,
then almost the frontier, and had charge '
of the Indian and white missions along
the north shore of Lake Huron, including
j the islands of St. Joseph and Cockburn. ]
On June 1, 1881, he married Miss Dora H. j
Carry, daughter of the late Rev. Dr. John i
Carry.
Dr. Rowe was received into the Ameri
can church by Bishop Harris of Michigan
in July, 1882, and placed in charge of the
mission of St. James, Sault Ste. Marie, j
and of other missionary work in Chippewa j
County, continued at that Dost till chosen I
Bishop. At the time of his election to j
the episcopate he was a member of the ■
standing committee of the missionary dis
trict of Northern Michigan, and also an
examining chaplain. Was elected Mis- '
i sionary Bishop of Alaska by the general
j convention of 1895. His consecration too* !
place in St. George's church, New York :
City, on St. Andrew's day, November 30, i
la'Js. Dr. Rowe is the first Bishop of this j
communion in Alaska, a former election j
by the house of Bishops having proved in- J
valid by a technicality.
The services at the Church of the Ad
vent yesterday morning were of the regu- |
Jar Episcopalian order aiid were very in
teresting. Rev. Mr. Emery, the pastor, i
officiated and the full surpliced choir was I
in attendance.
Dr. Rowe preached the sermon. This
was his first appearance in a San Fran
cisco pulpit.
The Bishop's sermon had its bearing on
the forty days of fasting of the Lord in the
wilderness. From this incident he drew
forth several important lesson '. Christ
was led into the wilderness by the spirit of
the Holy Ghost, lc was here that he was i
thrice tempted and each time resisted.
"We know in our own lives," said the
speaker, "how trials and temptations come
to us. Why it is so God alone knows. As j
with us so it was with Christ, our Savior. [
He left home and friends and went out i
into the wilds with the words upon his j
lips, ' Father, into thy hands I commend |
my spirit.' Forty days and forty nights j
of abstinence in a wilderness meant a bit- j
ter experience. Jesus was alone, away
from a mother's care, and no roof to shel
ter him. He was obliged to face want and
suffer exposure.
"It was after having passed through
this bitter experience," continued Bishop
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24. IH9G.
Rowe, "that the .tempter came to him.
borne fancied that Christ was so strength
ened ana fortified that no sin could touch
him— divinely protected. He met temp
tation the same as yon and I meet it, and
tesisted it with the same strength that
<>od gives to us. 'It is one thing to be
tempted and another thing to fall.' He
was not tempted by evil as you and I.
bvil in itself shocks people. He was at
tacked by a lesser, a limited eood. The
tempter said to him when he was ex
hausted: 'If thou be the Son of God, com
mand tneso stones to turn to bread.' The
Lord was tempted to yield, to forget the
trust he owed to his Father, and so he
said : 'Man does not live by bread alone,
but by every word that proeeedeth out of
the mouth of God.' Therefore, life is not
of this world, but of God, and so Christ
holds up the living truth. Life is spiritual,
and we do not live unless we live io the
spirit of God.
'Next the tempter takes our Lord to the
temple and tells him to cast himself down.
Had the Messiah done so and saved him
self he would have been at once sur
rounded by all men and thus at one stroke
accomplished the purpose for wtiich he
came— the establishment of God's king
dom on the earth. But it would have
been wront* to do this, and if it was wrong
then it is wrong now."
The Bishop alluded to ministers who
preach upon sensational topics from their
pulpits rather than on the living truth of
God, and denounced their conduct as a re
flection upon the teachings of the Chris
tian church.
"This is the wrong way to teach the
word of God," he said; "to be a mounte
bank to-day and a minister of the Gospel
to-morrow. The tendency of some is to
preach upon the spirit of the day ratber
than to try and make people believe the
truth. The Blessed Lord tou^'ht differ
ently. He tought not to do right in the
wrong way."
The Bishop illustrated the third tempta-
| tion on the mountain top. "All these |
; things I will give thee if thou wilt worship
i me," was the invitation of ihe devil to the
■ Savior. This was the temptation of am
j bition. True, these possessions were not
! the devil's to bestow on any one. But our
; Lord said, "Get theo behind me, Satan."
: So it is that people in this life are tempt
. Ed; tempted by a partial goodne«B, by a
I soft, whispering, seductive influence that
i the consecrated souls alone could resist.
The Bishop concluded .his sermon by
j illustrating how the temptations were fol-
I lowed by the welcome of the angels, who
j gathered about tne Lord in great numbers
and ministered to his wants.
The programme' for the services at the
\ Church of the Advent durine Lent is as
follows:
Holy days— St. Matthias, February 24; An
-1 nunciation B. V. M., March 25; holy com
j munion, 9:30 a. m.
Week days— Every day, evenßong, 4 P. m. ;
I Thursdays, holy communion, 9:30 a. m.; Fri
days, litany, 9 :30 a. m.
Holy week— Holy communion Monday, Tues
day, Wednesday and Thursday, 7 a. M.; every
■ day, evensong, 4 P. M.
Good Friday— Morning prayer, litany and
sermon, 10 a. m.; three-hour service, 12 to 3
r. m. : evensong, 4 p. m. ; service of preparation.
7:45 p. m.
Easter day— Hol7 communion, 7 a. m. ; morn
; ing prayer, sermon and holy communion, 11
j A .m. ; children's choral service, 7 :45 p. m.
There will also bo special services on
every Friday evening during the holy sea
son.
SUDDEN DEATHS.
A Laborer on the Seawall Dies While
nt Work.
Two cases of sudden death were re
ported af the Coroner's office yesterday,
The first was that of an aged woman
named Mrs. Walsh, who was found dead
in her room at 402 Kearnv street. Dr.
.Putnam was called when the body was
discovered. Ec reported the case to the
Coroner, but it was ascertained the woman
had been attended by Dr. Mulligan, who
informed the authorities that death was
from natural causes.
An unknown workman who was em
ployed in discharging the coast steamer
Sc. Paul at the seawall dropped dead about
4 o'clock in the afternoon. He was a
stranger and had been engaged the day
previous to help unload the vessel. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
DBTJNK ON STOLEN WHISKY.
Two Burglars Caged by the Police
After Robbing: a Saloon.
Henry Nivel and /Antone-Longo were
arrested yesterday for a saloon burglary.
They drank the .whisky, that they, stole,
and that circumstance led to their capture.
Nick Sulivich reported to the police at
the Southern station yesterday forenoon
that his saloon at 810 Sixth street had been
broken into during- the night by burglars,
who took eight ' bottles of whisky, six
boxes of cigars and a • quantity of cigar
ettes. . Policemen Tuste and liyan were
detailed to find- the thieves, which they
did in short order by being attracted to the
room occupied by Nivel and Longo on
Sixth street, where the thieves were
carousing.
■■■ ' ; •".•' ' ' " • '*]*■-.. — ~ i
, The coal output of the Indian Territory
amounted to 1,440,218 tons during 1895.
SOCIALISTS ORGANIZING.
They Intend to Form a Compact
and United League of
Lodges.
RESOLUTIONS ARE ADOPTED.
A Draft Also Made of a Constitution to
Be Voted Upon by All
Members.
Socialism is endeavoring to make itself
a political power in the State. For some
time past a movement has been on foot
for the consolidation of the lodges of So
cialists in this City and elsewhere, and
yesterday the first decisive steps toward
that end were taken. At 10 o'clock in the
morning Crystal Halt in the Pythian
Castle witnessed the entrance of about
forty men and two or three women. Red
roses and red ribbons adorned the attire of
many of those present, and no attempt
was made to conceal the name or object of
the system which had called them to
gether.
George Aspden, the chairman, opened
the proceedings by stating that the con
vention had been called for the purpose
of forming a State organization of Social*
ists, composed of members from all the
Socialistic clubs in California. He dwelt
upon the need for concentrated effort on
the part of individual Socialists, and
strongly recommended the opening of
new lodges throughout the State. Further
more, he said, the interests of socialism
would be much advanced by the establish
ment and maintenance of a socialistic
newspaper entirely under the supervision
and control of a committee to be appoint
ed for the purpose. These, he concluded,
and other matters of interest would come
up for discussion and settlement by the
assembled delegates.
E. T. Kingsiey. E. F. Hines and James
Andrew were appointed a committee on
credentials and they retired to examine
the letters presented Ly the several dele
gates to the convention. As the comniit
teemen were leaving the hall a member
arose, esclaiming:
"I protest against the committee doing
anything in secret. Why cant they ex
amine the credentials here before us,
where we can see what they are doing.
I move the committee be ordered not to
take the credentials out of the roam."
"Oh, don't get excited," retorted Com
rade Kingsiey. "We're not trying to
rnakrt a secret of anything, and all we want
is a quiet place where we can look over the
credentials. You needn't be afraid the
letters will suffer harm ; we are in the
habit of eatins something better than
credentials."
. After a half-hour's absence the commit
tee returned, reporting favorably upon the
credentials of the following named per
sons, who were forthwith recognized as
delegates to the convention:
William Edler and William Lewis of the
Jewish branch, G. Attardi of the Italian
branch, C. H. Davis and T. Lynch of Lib
erty branch, Jane A. Roulston*, T, P. tfurne,
S. Seiler, R. T. Mclvor, A. Fcileen, G. Asp
den and E. T. Kingsiey of the American
branch, Comrades Franck, Pos-tler, Hohns
bein, Sahlinder and Prosack from the
American branch, Victor Dupuis, H. Rosen
blough and C. A. Stubenrauch from the
French branch, James Andrew, Max
Schmid and J. W. Latimer from Oakland
and Ernest F. Hines from San Jose.
Comrade Mclvor read an extract from
the constitution of the National Socialistic
League, wherein it is provided that in
States where there are socialistic organiza
tions in three or more towns State organi
zations are to De established. In accord
ance with this, provision, he said, the
present convention had been called, and
he recommended that speakers stick to
that point without wandering off into side
issues.
Mrs. Roulston and Comrades Sahlinder,
Kingsiey, Andrew and Hines were then
appointed a committee on resolutions and
retired for deliberation, Comrade Lewis
making a brief but interesting address on
American and European socialism during
their absence.
The first resolutions handed in by the
committee was as follows:
Resolved, That this conference of the sections
of the Socialist Labor party in California, now
assembled, indorse tb6 present aggressive
policy of our party executive against the
cowardice, poltroonery^ corruption and general
incapacity of the leaders at ihe head of the
great labor organization of the United States;
and be it further
Ktxolved, That we indorse the action of the
socialists of New York and vicinity in taking
tbe initiative in forming the nucleus for a
National organization, to be known as the So
cialistic Trade and-Labor Alliance of the United
States and Canada.
The resolutions were carried amid much
applause, after which the following reso
lution on trades unions was submitted:
Resolved, That we recognize in the organized
trades unions the nuclei about whicii the
proletarian movement must grow, and the
necessary link which must unite the masses of
the workers ; that we pledge our hearty sym
pathy and support to ail trades unions which
recognize the class struggle, and which accept
the principle of independent political action
on socialistic lines as a means of victory for
the working classes, and that we congratulate
the organized trades unions of San Francisco
Upon their late decision in favor of indepen
dent political action, and hope to fight to
gether with them for the emancipation of the
wage workers.
Comrade Mclvor spoke strongly in favor
of the consolidation of trades unions into
one powerful socialistic combination, and
expressed himself a3 recommending the
resolution's adoption.
Comrade Kingslej r thought it would be
wiser to defer indorsing the trades unions
until it might plainly appear what course
these unions were likely to take.
Comrade Seiler seemed to voice the sen
timent of a majority of the delegates in
recommending the carrying of the resolu
tion, which, on being put to a vote, was al
most unanimously adopted.
The following resolution, against politico
religious societies, was adopted:
Resolved, That we express an abhorrence and
detestation of the attempt being made to re
vive religious feud and hatred among tne
workers, and that we express our disapproval
and contempt of all organizations which, by
playing upon religious differences, endeavor
to divide the worsers into hostile parlies; and
that we advise all workers never to forget that,
in spite of all ditierenees of cried and religious
opinion, their interests are identical as against
the appropriating class, and that all so-called
religious organizations are mere political de
vices to keep the working class in subjection.
Comrade Seiler spoke on the last resolu
tion, which he declared was needed at the
present time. He recommended that an
addition be made to the by-laws, when
they should be formulated, prohibiting the
establishment of distinctively English
Irish, Scotch or Welch branches of the
party. He contended that English-speak
ing socialists should join the American
lodges, and lay aside ail race prejudice
Comrade Lynch, secretary of the con
vention, warmly opposed Seller's motion
and claimed that the Irish should have
an organization of their own and manage
This view met with much opposition
from Comrades Kingsley and SeilerT Lynch
then proceeded to explain that he was to
be one of the organizers of an Irish social
istic club, and, if the convention ruled out
such bodies, he feared ill feeling and mis
understanding might result.
Comrade Mclvor said if the Irish spoke
their own language they would be obliged
to have separate lodges like other foreign
ers; but seeing that all the Irish living
here are acquainted with the English
tongue he could see no reason for their re
lusing to fraternize with American and
English socialists.
Comrade Lewis thought the idea of an
Irish lodge most peculiar. He said he was
an Englishman himself, but would never
dream of t shutting himself up in a tight
little English club, out of touch with other
English-speaking socialists. He consid
ered the Irish project fraught with danger
and recommended its abandonment. °
On motion of Comrade Mclvor tne mat
ter was laid on the table.
Mrs. Koulston and Comrades Sahlinder
Hines and Andrew had been appointed a
committee to-draw up a sketch" of a consti
tution for the State organization. They
entered the room during the discussion on
tlie Irish question, and at its close pre
sented their report. The draft of the con
stitution contains among other provisions
the following:
The State organization is to be allied with
the Socialistic Labor party of the United States,
its main object being the supervision of the
political campaigns in this State. An organ
izer and an executive committee of seven
members shall be elected by the entire body,
the organizer to exercise a general supervision
and observation, reporting monthly to the Na
tional executive committee. The committee of
seven shall carry on the active work of the
body, receive and disburse funds and keep tb,e
accounts, rendering public reports monthly.
All local lodges must reuort to this committee
at stated intervals.
San Francisco was selected as a head
center for the proposed ytate organization.
The local societies will vote upon the con
stitution, sending their returns to Secre
tary Lynch, who will turn them over to
the central committee, by whom they will
be counted and the result made public.
The matter of establishing an English
socialistic newspaper was discussed, but
no action taken. The project of maintain
ing lecturers for the dissemination of
socialistic doctrines was deferred for the
present.
THE lEISH BKANCH.
Call for a Branch Organization of the Socialists
in This City.
The following letter has been sent to the
Irish socialists of ban Francisco:
Dear Sir: You are respectfully invited to
take part in a meeting to be held at the Tem
ple, 115 Turk street, on Wednesday at Bp.ii,,
February 'M, IH9O. This meeting is held for
the purpose of organizing an Irish-American
branch of the San Francisco section of the So
cialist Labor party.
All American citizens of Irish birth or par
entage, of good moral character, are eligible to
membership. We feel that those who have the
independence of Ireland at heart must realize
that the establishment of socialism is the only
hope for freedom to Ireland. All true Irish
men can unite wiih us in the formation of this
noble end in view.
Socialism is the only hope of Erin. The
wrongs of the workingmen of Ireland are the
wrongs of the workingmeu the world over. In
every nation under the sun the same system of
robbery and plunder exists. The soft-handed
idler ever plucks the fruit of labor. Those
who produce the wealth of the world live iv
poverty and die in destitution.
We feel it time that Irishmen take their place
in this grand movement of progress, the
grandest movement of all times, the noblest
undertaking the world has ever seen: Tiie
emancipation of the human race from thrall
dom of Mammon. In this movement Ireland's
sons muit do their, part.
We hope you will attend and do your utmost
to make this movement a 'success. Anticipat
ing your acceptance of this invitation, you
are authorized to extend the same to every
trustworthy citizen you know of Irish birth
or parentage. .
We are very sincerely, yours fraternally, W.
M. Willey, Theodore Lynch, A. J. Ford/com
mittee on invitation.
Bakers Hold a Meeting.
The German Barkers' Union of San Francisco
held an enthusiastic meeting at 1159 Mission
street yesterday afternoon and opened the roll
to the new members. J. Miller occupied the
chair, and cheering addresses -were made by
Gustave Postler of the Painters' Union, A.
Muller of the Woodworkers' Union and M. Mc-
Glynn of the Trades Council. The new union
is making good success, and promises to be
come a strong organization in the near future.
CHRYSOPRASE IN TULARE
The Curator of Golden Gate Park
Talks of Valuable
Gems.
EEDUCING^THE PARK FORCE.
Contributions of Very Rare Specimens
to the Museum — Planting Califor
nia Wild Flowers.
"II is small, but—" said Curator Wil
comb of the Park Museum yesterday as he
took from a small box a very small paper
parcel and laid it before a reporter for
The Call. On opening it he disclosed an
oval shaped, highly polished apple green
stone, just large enough to mount in a
marquise ring.
"That," continued the curator, "is a
gem, and a rare one at that. It ia s
chrysoprase, a variety of chalcedony of
great value and an ornamental stone, and
one that is flawless and fit ior mounting in
a ring is worth from $50 to $100. These
geni3 are often set in circlets of diamonds
or pearls, and on account of the color and
rarity are highly prized by- those who can
become possessed of them. As I said be
fore, they are found now only in Siberia.
An inferior quality was found in Vermont,
and at one time chrysoprase was found in
Lower Silesia, Prussia, and search for it
was encouraged by Frederick the Great.
"Its fme color is due to nickel, and
where this was found in Tniare County I
found some free nickel. Some time ago a
small piece of greenish rock was handed
me, and I at once recognized it as chryso
prase, and learned that it had been picked
up by a boy who Was carrying a chain for
surveyors. He picked it up because it
struck him as Deing pretty. Being a
mineralogist, I went prospecting where the
piece was found, and after a time found
some of the gem formation.
"Recently a gentleman named Braver
man discovered some chrysoprase some
where in that county and sent it to Tiffany
of New York. The house notified him to
send on all be could secure, as it was equal
to that from Siberia."
If the discovery alluded to by Mr. Wil
comb is an extensive one it will open an
other industry in this State, and if free
nickel is found in Tulare County that
certainly is an indication that tnere must
be a mine of it near where this was ob
tained. Chrysoprase is found only in
pockets, which are often far apart.
During the week more than 8000 people
visited the ParK Museum and yesterday it
was crowded all day long. Recent addi
tions to the exhibits are a silver bronze
vase donated by J. L. Bard well, a curi
ously engraved gourd also donated by Mr.
Bardwell.
The roof timbers have been placed in
the annex to the museum, and workmen
will;work to-day on the interior.
Professor P. Gruber. the naturalist at
the museum, was in a happy lrame of mind
yesterday, and took pride in pointing out
a number of rare specimens received re
cently. Among the number is a double
pronged deerhorn donated by Donald
Ross, who shot the animal from whose
head it was taken in Meridocino County.
This is said to be a very rare specimen.
Mr. Ross also donated a common barn
yard rooster that is remarkable from the
fact that he has spurs live and one-six
teenth inches in length. From Mrs.
Handy he received an ashy petrel and a
cassin auk from the Farallon Islands, both
very rare birds, a male and female black
rail from India, a red cock of the rocks, a
plan tin -eater from Africa, a brush star
ling, also from Africa, a nut gros beck from
the Galipagos Islands, a pied fantail, a
song bird from New Zealand, a white
throated swallow from the interior of this
State and a crimson parrot from New
Guinea. Some of these are extremely rare
and not to be found in other collections in
the United States.
The new bicycle road has been fully
graded, and it will soon be macadamized.
Superintendent McLaren has caused to
be sown on both sides of the south drive a
quantity of seeds of California wild flow
ers, and if tnese 9prout, grow and flower
new beauties will be added to the park.
A number of these seeds are from the won
drous wild-flower region in Siskiyou
County, under the shadow of snow-capped
Shasta.
The work of cutting the tunnel across
the main drive is almost finished and the
new road from the east tunnel to the
aviary is being graded. Much necessary
work has Deen done of late, and as it is
completed the working force will be re
duced. When the loam and sweepings
were being hauled into the park and the
alteration of the grand court was started,
the working force was increased from ICO
to 278. When the hauling of loam and
sweepings ceased on the Ist of February
and some of the grading had been finished
the force was reduced to 208 and during
the month was not increased. It will be
further reduced as work in haud is
finished. Superintendent McLaren, who
appoints, and discharges the men, said
yesterday that they were not questioned
as to politics, influence or the like, but
were appointed upon their recommenda
tion as workmen and if found not com
petent were let out.
The attendance yesterday was very large
and there were more vehicles and cyclers
than have been on the drives for many
Sundays. The crowd in front of the
bandstand was unusually large and en
thusiastic.
The crowd at the ocean beach
was so great at one time during
the afternoon that it was almost im
possible to move on the grade between the
Cliff and the terminus of the Park and
Ocean Railroad.
More than 4000 people witnessed the as
cension, of Robert Earlston from the
Haight-street grounds yesterday after
noon. The ascent was a'pretty and suc
cessful one, but as Earlstou rose he did
not feel as comfortable as when he left the
grounds. He was seized with cramps in
the legs and lost no time in cutting loose
and coming down. When he reached the
ground near Stanyan and Waller streets
lie remained on the ground nearly ten
minutes before he could rise.
AT THE THEATERS.
What the Managers Will Provide for
the Entertainment of Patrous
This Evening.
This evening the management of the
California Theater will offer to its patrons
an idea of Nellie McHenry's, lounded on
the bicycle craze. It is entitled "The Bi
cycle Girl," and the jolly actress will take
the part of. the heroine, who is an up-to
date girl.
Frederick Warde is to appear at the
Baldwin Theater to-night, his appearance
being the first of a two weeks' engage
ment in classic and Shakespearean pro
ductions. The well-known romantic drama
"The Mountebank" has been chosen for
the opening.
"The Old Lime Kiln" has done so well
at the Colnmbia Theater that the manage
ment has decided to continue it during the
week. Katie Putnam and her company
will present it with the same degree of en
thusiasm they did last week, and will in
troduce new specialties.
At the Alcazar Manager Grover will thi3
evening bring out the favorites, the Carle
ton Opera Company, with its comic pro
ductions, whicu are always a treat forthe
lovers of light opera. "The Lily of Killar
ney" will be offered to-night.
The attraction to be offered at the Grand
Opera-house this evening is Howard Tay
lor's play, "The Puise of New York," a
story of modern metropolitan life, that
will be staged with effects that cun only
be presented on a large stage, and the sec
ond largest stage in the United States is
that of this house.
At the Tivoli Opera-house the opera of
"DerFreischutz" will be repeated to-night,
and will continue as the attraction for the
week. Dunne the week Miss Anna
Schnabel, a young German soubrette, will
alternate with Miss Marchi in the charac
ter of Annie.
The Rossleys, who are announced as
very clever Irish comedians, will appear at
the Orphenm Music Hall this evening.
Robert Ellis, a tenor robusto, late of the
Duff Opera Company, will entertain with
some delightful "solos. Many specialties
will be presented.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
B^S^T 11 g/XTRB^I PROPS.
Two Weeks' Engagement— Favorite Actor,
FREDERICK WARDE
And His Celebrated Company.
SSasffv.. The Mountebank
Tups, and Thursday. "TIIE LION'S MOUTH"
Saturday Kvic. "(Only time) "VIKGISIUS"
Sunday night, March Ist— Paderewskl-Marslcfc
Concert. First appearance of Marsick, the great
violinist, in conjunction with Paderewski. Prices
$3. $2, $1. Next week— 2d and last of Fred. Warde.
BALDWIN THEATER— Extra.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTKAOKDINAKY.
Grand Concert at Popular Prices!
SUNDAY EVENING, MARCH 1 —
PADEREWSKI-IHARSICK
- First Appearance Here of
MARSICK,
The Great Parisian Violinist, in Conjunction With
PADEREWSKI.
Positively his FINAL APPEARANCE and
Farewell to San Francisco.
VST PRICES: S3, 82,. 31.
Seats ready Wednesday at box-office of th«
Baldwin.
Beginning To-night — One Week Only!
• MAT INK*; SATURDAY!
The idol of the Fun-making World,
JOLLY NELLIE — : —
MOH3BISTR.Y
And Her Excellent F arce-Comedy Company, pre-
seating
"THE BICYCLE GIRL I"
Bright Music, Catchy bongs, Pretty Dances.
Beautiful Girls, Elaborate Costumes, and
Effective Scenery.
Monday.March 16 "MEXICO"
S^r Al rA7AD
fCxT PLEASE OBSERVE THE PRICES.
TO-NIGHT
THE CARLETON OPERA COMPANY !
'- Sir Jullns Benedict's
"LILY OF KILLARNEY I"
SPECIAL SCENERY!
W. T. CABLETO> and a Great Cast.
Prices — -Isc, 25c, 35c, sOc and 75c
Matinee— lsc, 35c; 35c, sOo— No higher.
• Note.— No Wednesday Matinee.
-MATINEE SATURDAY
vTROLAnQtrUOTTLOD «'&• u.x>u add rwnAC«» • • •
THEY j STAY
HAD TO I TWO WEEKS !
| There was Such a Great Demand to
See CHARMING KATIE PUTNAM
"THE OLITIIME KILN"
AND LITTLE GERTIE CARLISLE.
Next Attraction, . . . • ' A Railroad Ticket"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ekxkstixk Kkelin-q, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING ! SECOND WEEK !
Splendid Electric Production of
"DER FREISCHUTZ 51
OR
'•THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brocken Scene Ever
Shown in This City.
CASTS INCLUDE — —
Ida Valerga, Kate Marchi,
Anna Schnabel, John J. Katfael,
Martin Pache, . Marcel Perron,
W. 11. West, Arthur Boyce.
Grand Chorus ! Superb Orchestral
Next Week- "RIP VAN WINKLE."
' Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Howard Taylor's Masterpiece,
PULSE OF NEW YORK!
In Which Will Be Introduced New and
Astounding Mechanical Effects.
SEE The .Pile-Driver Scene! The Elevated Kail- ,
road ! The Sensational Fire Scene 1
.Evening Prick*— 2so and 59a.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana aan day.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between. Stockton and Povrsii.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
7 NEW PEOPLE! 4 NEW ACTS!
A Brilliant List of Celebrities !
THE BROS. DIANTA.
FOREMAN and F ANNAN,
. THE ROSSLEYS,
. ROBERT ELLIS,
THE PANTZERS,
THE WILTONS,
And Last Week of the Favorites,
CARROLL JOHNSON, BILLY CARTER.
Reserved seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera cnalri
and Box seats, 50c.
THE AUDITORIUM.
FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
February 28, 29, March 1.
PEERLESS BAND.*
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA,
Conductor.
MissMYRTA FRENCH, Soprano
MIssCUKIUE DUKE, Violinist.
Mr. ARTHUR PRY OK, Trombone
SEATS ON SALE at Sherman, Clay & Co.
SHOOT THE CHUTES and
TRIP THE TROLLEY I
; Concerts Afternoon and Evening.
ADMISSION —lo CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go- Round Ride), 100
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING ■
Beginning Thursday, February 20,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing "Monday, Tuesday, 'Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. : Ham or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the fate.
R. B. jJiILROY. TKOtf. H. WILLIAMS J X.,
Secretary. President,
78
CONTROVERSIALISTS ON A PUBLIC DEBATE.
Rev. B. M. Ross Calls on
His Opponent to Meet
Him To-Day.
NOTIFIES THE LAWYERS
Father Yorke Formally Denies
That Any Debate Will
Take Place.
PLAINLY TERMS IT A HUMBUG
Afternoon Proceedings of the Good-
Citizenship Meeting— G. T. Bruce's
Eloquent Address.
This evening at Metropolitan Temple
Bey. Donald M. Ross will begin his proof
of the four disputed propositions concern
ing which Rev. Father Yorkt? challenged
him. The evidence which Mr. Ross de-
Mres to submit is so voluminous that four
evenings will be required for its presenta
tion. Accordingly Metropofitan Temple
ha? been hired for four nights, and the
proofs so arranged that eacn proposition
may be taken up and fully considered in
one evening.
It is stated that an enormous number of
tickets nave been sold for this culmina
tion of the Yorke- Ross controversy, and
the capacity of Metropolitan Temple will
doubtless be tested to the utmost. In
case that not all who wish to attend can
gain admission to the temple, they will
still be able to hear- the speaker of the '<
evening at first hand, for arrangements
have been made to hold an overflow meet
ing should such a step prove to be neces
sary. A second hall has been secured, and
Mr' Ross has agreed to present the proofs
Twice each evening if required. The over
flow meetings, if they be held, will be ad
dressed by interesting speakers till such :
time as Mr. Ross shall complete his first
speech at the temple.
Mr. Ross spent yesterday at his home
resting up in preparation for the
strain of two speeches a night for four
nights continuously. Stacks of type
written quotations from Catholic authors ;
lay at hand and a library sufficient to stuck
a Catholic bookstore was piled over the
floor.
"Well, I am all ready for the test," re
marked Father Yorke's antagonist with a
weary sigh, "and I am glad the time has
come* at last. It has been monotonous
work, this delving in Roman authorities,
and lam glad it is over. Proofs? Yes, I |
have proofs enough, and it only remains :
to place them before the judges and before !
the people. J§JiSp :
"By the way, do you know whether Mr.
Foote and Major Sherman have chosen
the third lawyer? I formally notified them |
both by mail yesterday, and Father Y'>rke
as wen. of the time and place of my pre- i
sentation of my proofs. In my letter to
Major Sherman I asked him to call on Mr.
Foote, if that gentleman had not yet ar
ranged a meeting, and to try to come to
some agreement on the third man. Of
course the major holds that as the repre
sentative of the challenging party, Mr.
Foote should call on him, but I think he
will yield that point. We are anxious to
concede almost everything in the interests
of truth."
The letter which Mr. Ross has sent
Father Yorke is as follows: .
604 Douglass Street, )
San Francisco, Feb. 22, 1896. i
To £cv. Peter C. Yorke, Chancellor of the Arch
diocwe of San Francisco — Sir: Having accepted
your challenge, pulished in the Examiner of
November 29 lust, to prove four propositions
■which you quoted, and: having, as the chal- i
le:.g^d party, the right to name the time and
place lor submitting those proots, I hereby for
mally notify yon.
Kir.-t, that on Monday evening, February 24.
lS9t>. on the platform of Metropolitan Temple,
1 shall commence submitting the evidences •
ana proofs Hint the saia four propositions are
truly the teachings of the Roman Catholic
church; and
Second, that upon said platform of said
Metropolitan Temple I shall continue submit
tins said evidences and proofs on the evenings
of Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, respect
ively, February 25, 28 and 27, devoting one
entire evening to each of said four proposi
tions.
Now, therefore, I demand that you instruct
your representative upon the board of lawyers
constituting the board of arbitration to be
present upon said occasions; and
Further, I do hereby summon you, as the
challenging party, to there appear and be
present and hear said proofs and evidences,
and show cause, if any cause there be, why the
said evidences and proofs should not be con
sidered by said court of arbitration ; failing In
which forever hold your peace. Respectfully;
Donald M. Ross.
The official notification sent to Mr. Foote
reads as folio
604 Douglass Street, )
San Francisco, Feb. 22, 1*96.1
To W. W. Foote Esq., San J-rancitco— Sir: To
tou, as the representative of Rev. Peter C.
Yorke, my challenger, upon the agreed board
of judges or court of arbitration, I hereby for
mally notify you that upon Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday evenings of next
week, respectively the 21th. 25th, 26th and
27th of February, 1896, I shall, on the plat
form of Metropolitan Temple, present my
proofs of the four propositions contained in
the challenge aforesaid.
Now, therefore, do you as one member of said
court or arbitration, be present at said place at
said times to hear and judge said evidences
and proofs ; and
Do you, as the representative of the chal
lenging party, summon to a conference Major
Edwin A. Sherman of Oakland, my representa
tive and a member of said board or court, anil
with him choose and agree upon a third law
yer to complete said board or court. Respect
fully. Donald M. Ross.- .
The communication to Major Sherman
is less formal, but equally suggestive. It
reads as follows:
604 Do cg lass Street, )
San Francisco, Feb. 22. 189G.J
7V> Edwin A. Shtrman Esq., Webster Strut
Oailand sir: This will oflicialiy notify you
that 1 will suDmit the proofs of the four prop
ositions contained In Rev. Peter Yorke's
challenge, nt Metropolitan Temple, Fifth street
thi« City, on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday evenings next. I have also officiajly
1 Father Yorke and W. W. Foote. In
r. Foote does not summon you by noon
lay to confer with you concerning the
tion of a third lawyer to complete the
board of judges or court ol arbitration, will
you Kindly call upon him and if possible have
the arrangement of that matter completed?
BespeeUnUy, Konai.d M. Robs.
Mr. Hops before entering the ministry
wa>a practicing attorney and it is said
that during me presentations of his proofs
the proceedings will be modeled doselv
upon those of the civil courts. In case
1 Ether or Mr. Foote fail to put in
an appearance their names will be called
at the dour by the "sheriff."
NO DEBATE.
Father Yorke Wishes It Clearly Un
derstood That the So-Called
'■Debate" Is a "Humbug."
The following letter has been received
from Father Ycrke:
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I learn
that the Rev. Donald M. ECOM is distributing
cunningly worded handbills calculated to
give (he impression that I intend to debate
with him in open meeting.
Permit me to say that such an impression is
utterly erroneous. I have no intention of de
bating with D. Bon in open meeting.
I called on D. Ross to produce before three
non-Catholic lawyers, to be selected, the four
propositions which he claimed to read out of
Roman Catholic publications.
Instead of doing this he hires a hall, pub
lishes in his paper that there is to be a debate,
pretends to Lave the judges on the platform
and on the strength of these assertions sells
tickets and tries to make money.
Legally no doubt he is innocent of the crime
of endeavoring to obtain money under false
pretenses.
I have no objection to Ross bettering the con
dition of his exchequer, but I have a decided
objection that he should succeed by pretending
that I am to meet him.
Ido not intend to meet D. Ross. The judges
will not be on the platform. The lectures are
no answer to my challenge. They are given
on Ross' own responsibility and with the back
n)(j hi I he A. P. A.
li:ey stand precisely on the same footing as
the lectures delivered every Sunday aiternoon
at the temple. If anything in them is worti.
noticing I presume, Mr. E'iitor, you will allow
me tht' use'of your columns to reply. But in no
other manner, shape or form shall I have any
thing to do with what is but a humbug on the
public at 2 bits per humbug. Yours truly,
P. C. Yokke.
AT METROPOLITAN HALL.
G. T. Bruce Delivers a Stirring
Address at the Good Citizen
::::'•"■■ . ship Meeting.
There was a large attendance at the Good
Citizenship meeting at Metropolitan Hall
yesterday. Chairman Quitzow made the
opening address, then a short prayer by
the Rev. Dr. Rabing, followed by patriotic
airs, instrumental and vocal. G. T. Bruce
of Los Angeles was then introduced, his
speech being as follows: \ ;! ; > '
We .never tire of boasting of the grandeur of
: our country or the limitless resources of its
, wealth. That "country is richest, however,
says Ruskin, which nurtures the greatest num
; ber of good people? Warships, magnificent
, fleets, cannot make a country great. The ques
! tion then is why is America influential alone
in this the Western Hemisphere. It is because
■ our Government Is. organized on the divine
: right of the people to govern themselves.
Our heritage is civil and religious liberty.
' Our Government stands alone in the privileges
; it extends to its citizens; equality is one of our
fundamental principles. An Englishman said
'; to an American : "You have no noble fami
lies." The reply came, "You are now talking
■ to one of the members of the royal families of
America. Our Government is essentially one
( of the people, for the people and by the peo
! ple." ■ . •
The Roman Catholic church is the curse of
our Nation. She retains the hope of ultimately
ruling the world. Now, as to our public school
system. Be not deceived by honeyed phrases—
| the slaves ;of Rome do not" mind 'their
words. Rome is an enemy to progress, to civ
ilization, and is to-day marshaling her forces
: for one grand onslaught. For individual Cath
olics I have not the slightest ill will.
Mousignor Bouland, a Frenchman by birth,
' but now a citizen of the United States and an
; eminent Episcopal. clergyman, and a man cel
ebrated for his scholastic attainment, was for
1 many years a distinguished representative of
the Romish church. ■ • •;
At the time of his separation from the
church, which was in April, 1888, he was
j private chamberlain of His Holiness Leo XIII,
I canon of at. Michael the Archangel, Rome,
president-general of the Avocats ot Pierre in
North America, canon of the Metropolitan
Church o( Rnelms, member of the Academic
dcs Arcades in Rome, commander of the Holy
I Order of the Holy Sepulchcr, and director-gen
eral of the organization in North America of
St. Peter's Pence.
In Bishop Potter's allocution at the time he
received the Monsignor into the Episcopal
church, I find'these words:
"Possessed of a gift of speech and learning far
above the majority of his fellow-men, Monsig
nor Bouland rose rapidly to distinction in the
! Roman Catholic church, his future was par
i ticularly bright, and the highest honors of the
, church were in his reach.", -v.?-:-r.
Before Monsignor Bouland was formally re
ceived into the Episcopal church his creden
tials were duly signed by Cardinals Gibbons
and Riordan. He then addressed the follow
■ ing letter to the Pope:
New York. April 12, 1888.
Most Holy Father:.! have the honor to inform
1 your holiness that trom to day (my canonical
Branding being perfectly repular and unquestioned)
1 deliberately, though sorrowfully, separate myself
t from the Koinish church lor the following reasous :
1. Doctrinal!}', it is no longer possible for me to
j believe iht- teachings of the Syllabus and the dog
; mas proclaimed at the last Vatican council. .
'I. Politically I can no longer admit the preten
i sions of ultramomanism, claiming, as it does, ab
j solute authority, not only in matters relicious, but |
also in matters scientific, philosophic, social and
political. Such pretensions history proves to be
i aesuuetlye of religion and public liberty. The
I Roman hierarchy constitutes in the United States
a danger ever on the increase.
More than one hundred years ago Lafayette,
to whom our Nation is deeply indebted, wrote
these words to Morse: "I f the liberties of the
American people are ever destroyed it will be
by the Roman clergy." '•.:.%••-■'
When Lafayette wrote these words he had
experienced the workings of the Roman clergy,
in France. He knew that they would hesitate
at nothing. He saw id the priests scattered
: over this country in those early days a fore
runner ot the condition which now confronts
us. Ten thousand priests are sworn not to
. obey the laws of our country in temporal
; affairs, but to obey the behests of an Italian.
, : It is no; possible lor a man to be a loyal Catho
lic and a loyal American.
What art- the demands of this church? The
i Pope claims entire jurisdiction over the world.
j He sets himself up as the earthly representa
. tive of God. Now, strange as it may seem,
: every one of his claims are against the Consti
; tution of the United States. In an encyclical
i issued some time ago are found these treason
i able words:
But If the laws of the State are in open contra
' diction with the divine law, If they command any
thing prejudicial to the church, or are hostile to the
duties !in|.o"sed by religion, or violate in the person
of the supreme pontiff the authority of Jesus
Christ, then, indeed, It is a duty to resist them and
; a crime to obey them— a crime fraught with dan
; ger to the State Itself.
■ Do you tell me that Catholics would take up
arms in defense of our country if the Pope de
j clared against it? In 1886 the present Pope
I issued a decree, in which occurs this sentence:
'•The judicial functionaries must refuse obe
-51 euce to the State and the laws of the country
I wdlch are in contradiction with Roman Cath
| olic precepts." . :'. ••.'-'■
Whst does this mean? The Popes subor
-1 dinate the state to the church. If any govern
; ment passes laws objectionable to him the peo
' ! pie cannot obey them and still be good Cath
l olics.
L Bishop Gilmour of Cleveland, Ohio, ha« writ
ten:
: "Nationalities must be subordinate to reli
; gion (meaning his own, of course), and we
; must learn that we are Catholics first and citi
' zens afterward."
The late Cardinal McClosky of New York
! said:
, '•Catholfcs in this Republic are as strongly
: ! devoted to the sustenance and maintenance of
' | the temporal power of the holy lather as Cath
-1 j olics in any other part of the world, and if it
should be necessary to prove it by acts they are
; ready to do so."
Pope Pius IX, in an encyclical dated August
i 8, 1864, denounced what he called: •
"That most pernicious and insane opinion
that liberty of conscience and of worship is
" the right of every man.'" :
• Proposition 15 of the Syllabus curses those
who claim the right of free opinion, and in
; March, 1879, the present Pope wrote a letter to
one ot his cardinals which appeared in full in
the London Times of April 11, 1879, and from
which I quote one sentence:
"His gradual Increasing Insistence on the
■ restoration of the temporal power is prompted
; by the increasing conviction that until the
• Roman pontiff regains earthly sway in this
City he cannot prohibit liberty of worship and
! instruction.' 1 - -
Cardinal Gibbons said in 188G, as reported by
the Baltimore Catholic Mirror: "In no coun
try of ail the nations of the earth does the
bussed father find more loyal children than
among the clergy and the laity of this free
republic."
Cardinal Gibbons was born under the blue
dome of liberty and the protecting folds of
this dear old flag. There are ten million Cath
olics in America devoted to the Pope. When
they have grown a little— when Gibbons is
Pope, which is not Improbable, he might issue
a letter like that of Pius to Maximilian, which
is as follows: "The Catholic religion must
above all things, continue to be the glory and
the mainstay of the giant republic 01 the west,
to the exclusion of every other dissenting wor
ship." This letter to Maximilian can be found
in Appleton's Annual Cyclopedia for 18o"3
page /49.
Have I satisfied you that the Romish church
is opposed to freedom oi conscience? If we are
not to enjoy the right to think why, as increr
soll says, wero we given a thinker? The Ro
mish church cannot prosper when liberty of
thought and pen are fr.-e. For ten year 3 Gal
ileo suffered, and when death came was re
fused burial in consecrated ground.
On receiving his sentence he said to his
murderers, "Perhaps it is with greater fear
that you pass this sentence upon me than I re
ceive it."
Now, gentlemen reporters, write it down
that Kruno wad burned alive for teaching
scientific truths which the civilized world ac
capti to-day. When a statue to his memory
was unveiled in Roue the Pope issued a de
cree declaring the right of his predecessor to
burn Kruno at the stake. The letter i«sued by
Cardinal Gibbons on tne same' subject is as
follows:
A mineled feeling of righteous wrath and
d. ep sympathy was bred in every Catholic
heßrt wuen the news came that upon a public
sqatre in Home impious men dared unveil the
statue of an apostate moult. Dragging the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 3IONDAY,<FEBRITARY 24, 1896.
memory of a wild theorizer, a shameless
writer irom the obscurity of- a grave that hud
lor three centuries closed upon its disgrace.
The«e men, baoeed by mere biute force, have
set upon a pedestal in the holy city a statue of
the infamous Bruno.
"Snob a proceeding is a palpable and flagrant
outrage, not alone upon the Catholics, but
upon the whole Christian world. Its aniuiu 1 - is
clear in the unchrMien and defiant language
employed, in the unveiling of the statue ot a
man whose whole life breathed cowardice,
pride and defiance of lawfully constituted
authority.
"Their Attempt is not so much to honor
Bruno as to insult and vilify the vicar of
Christ and his devoted children throughout
the world. It is proper that the Christian
world and especially this portion where the
term 'religious freedom' is understood in a
sober, Christian sense, should brand with their
indignant scorn an action such as this."
Rome's attitude toward free thought, free
speech and a free press is the sa:no now as
ever. Bo you know that there is a movement
on foot to throttle the entire press of this coun
try? You cannot now find a paper where one
or two Jesuits are not employed. It may be
news to you when I say that in Washington
the liomish church owns nearly twelve mil
lion dollars' worth of untaxed property, or
more than all the other churches combined.
This Is nearly all squeezed from the clerks.
In the Pension Department on paydays two
nuns stand at the door, and off goes the official
head of the clerk who refuses to recognize
them in some way.
It makes little or no difference what power
i* in— whether it is grandfather's hat or
Grover's fat— it is all the same. Under Harri
son a high official was permitted to send a tug
to meet Mons. Satolli, when that gentleman
was paying his first visit to this country. Way
whs this done? Simply to influence the Cath
olic vote.
Do you doubt this? Can it be that you are
ignorant of the fact that Catholics are in
strutted through the confessional how to
vote? If you ure, then I have here an eye
opener in the shape of a letter from Arch
bishop Corrigan to all the priests of his diocese.
This letter reads:
Newark. X. J., Sept. 3, 1875.
Rev. and Dear Sir: Having taken legal ad
vice I am informed that by the new constitu
tional amendments clerical property is liable
to taxation. This would involve a heayv ad
ditional burden to tho diocese, and I instruct
you to instruct your people to strike out the
objectionable clause or to make assurance
doubly sure let them strike out the whole
ballot.
It is not enough to abstain from voting, let
them vote and vote against the amendment.
Michael, Bishnp of Newark.
This letter became public property in a very
peculiar way. It was sent to a German priest
and marked "Confidential." He read it to
mean "confide in all," and forthwith hunted
up a reporter.
The problem of education is one of the most
stupendous we have to coutend with. Catho
lics are opposed to our system. When the
Romish Church raises its hand against our
system of public schools she does it against
one of our National institutions.
Rome's teachers are childless priests and
hooded nuns— people who are forbidden to
know anything of love. I quote from a book
called "Lives of the Saints," one of their
standard works. Let me briefly entertain
you.
The first quotation I make Is found on page
41 and the incident is related of St. Francis of
Assi :
Once at St. Mary's they offered Bt. Francis a
Sheep. He received it gratefully because of the
simplicity and innocence of this animal. He
warned it to bo careful in praising God ■ and to
keep from offending Its brethren. The • sheep, as
if it could understand the tender pity which burned
in the saint, followed, his advice most carefully.
When It heard its brothers chanting In the choir it
went to the church, bent the knee and bleated be
fore the altar of oar lady, the mother of the .Lamb
of God, thus to pay her devotion. At holy mass
during the elevation It prostrated itself -as if to
shame undevout men and to invite the Rood -to
deeper reverence for this sacrament of love.
Now I am going to show you where" the mor
ality comes in:
"Alexius, the only son of a rich nobleman, on
reaching his maturity, married a lady of high
rank. On his wedding day the saint was in
spired to mortify and overcome himself and
the world in a hitherto unheard of manner.
Accordingly when evening came the husband
of a few hours visited his bride in her chamber,
bearing costly presents, which he desired her
to retain as a token ot hi* lo\'e and esteem;
then, without a hint of his intentions, left the
room and the nouse and stole away to the near
est port and took ship for a distant city. He
exciianged clothes with a beggar, whose meniis
of subsistence he also adopted, and devoted
his spare time to prayer and ascetic practices.
"Alter spending some years in this pious way,
Alexius, in obedience to another intimation
from heaven, undertook to complete tho sub
jugation oi tnc flesh in a manner still more ex
traordinary. He returned to his native city
and proceeded to his former home. Meeting
his father, who, accompanied by a retinue of
servants, waa just coming from" his residence,
the saint fell on his knees and asked for an
hurob'e shelter.
"The nobleman, not recognizing in the ragged
beggar before him his own son, granted the re
quest, and a eervant assigned to Alexius a cor
ner under a stairway in the princely mansion
to which he had been the destined heir.
"Ensconced in this habitation, which he
never left, except to go to church and to beg
his scanty food, the saint passed seventeen
years In severe penance. During this long
period he often saw his stricken parents and
the deserted wife, who resided with them, and
witnessed their grief and often heard their
lamentations over the mysterious disappear
ance of the son and husband, but nothing
could 6bake his constancy.
"The Lord manifested his approval of such
heroic virtue by many great favors (what
these favors were we are not told), and at
length when his servant, havieg been suffi
ciently tried, sent him due notice ot his ap
proaching death.
"Alexius wrote out his history and with the
document rolled up in his hand, peacefully
expired, kneeling on the floor under the stair
way. At the same moment mass was In prog
ress in a neighboring church; a heavenly voice
interrupted the service to proclaim the death
of the great saint in the nobleman's palace.
The nobleman happened to be present and in
answer to the astonished inquiries replied that
none other could be meant than the pious beg
gar whom he had 6O long harbored.
"The multitude hurried to the spot to find
the dead body in a kneeling posture, the hand
clinching a parchment so tightly that no force
could release it 'til the nobleman on his knees
obtained from the saint (remember he was
dead) the privilege of reading the precious
document. And so the identity of the beggar
came to light."
And this stuff is taught to children by a
church which has the audacity to criticise "our
public schools.
Dr. Weninger, from whose work, "The Lives
of the Saints," I have taken these beautiful
stories, may possibly believe them himself.
For the sake of his conscience I hope he -loes,
but for the sake of his understanding I hope
he does not.
It is not denied that some useful knowledge
is acquired in these parochial schools; but the
Architects Laist & Schwcrdt's Design for the New Municipal Build Jus.
main object is to make good Catholics, and the
tirst requisite of a good Catholic is obedience
to the priesthood. > 'atholic teachers are, by
their bigotry, shallowness and general ignor
ance, totally unfit to be instructors of youth.
I mean those teachers whom the church has.
prepared for the mission of teaching.
In our public schools are some excellent
teachers who art Catholic — excellent because
they were educated in the State secular
schools.
How can monks and. nuns, immured" from
childhood within gloomy walls, and subjected
io discipline which eradicates every spark of
independent thought, perverts the conscience,
blinds the understanding, and stupefies every
faculty with the accumulated superstitions of
fifteen centuries; how, I say, can such teachers
acquire the knowledge, the broad capacity
necessary to impart Instruction to future
American citizens?
Such teachers can only reproduce themselves
in their pupils. Children educated by them
will not, as a rule, get beyond the hobgoblins
and the resurrected chicken stories- of their
church. Think of men and women attempting
to train children for that great battle of lite
from which they themselves fled in cowardly
haste. A well disciplined am! thoroughly edu
cated mind would not long find a place ior the
gross superstitions and crazy doctrines acd
practices of monasticism.
We do not want, nor will we hive, the abject
slaves of a foreign power, ft power deadly hos
tile to this republic, training our future
citizens.
We want no schools dedicated to the slavery
of men, schools that restrictand hem in human
faculties, so that the solemn and stupid absur
dities of superstition may take root and that
priests may live in luxurious ease upon those
whom they deceive. We want schools that im
prove the mind and develop it to its highest
capacity, calling out all its powers.
We want schools in whicn are taught true
history and the beautiful and useful facts af
science, even though they do upset Catholic
teachings of God «md the devil, hell and
heaven, indulgences and scapulars, marvels
and miraclss. priests and purgatory, popes and
politicians, holy conts and virgins.
For fifteen centuries this church has been
the enemy of struggling liberty. She hag left
scars, deep furrowed, in every country cursed
by her presence. She is the* same relentless
foe to civilization here as elsewhere. The
same methods mnrk her course. But fortun
ately we can prolit by the misfortunes of
Rome's victims. We know her history, andif
she would preserve her lease of life in this re
public sho must learn that our secnlar schools
are the apple of our eye, and she must keep
her Jesuits from insinuating themselves into
our political affairs. The American people are
forbearing to the last degree, but when they
are once aroused they will brook no further
meddling with their cherished institutions by
the agents of this hoary diabolism of Rome.
For meddling with the atlairs of State Jesu
its have been repeatedly and deservedly driven
from almost every country in which they have
beon tolerated, and it may be that we, too, will
have to follow the example of some of the
other great nations of the world, and expel
the traitors who know no country but Rome.
That the Catholic cnurch has rights in this
country is not denied, but she has no right to
force ncr endless round oi useless and super
stitious practices upon those who do not
want them. Catholics have a right to fast, to
connt their beads, to pray, to adore their cru
cifix, to worship their "images and venerate
their saints.
But they have no right to give their alle
giance to any power other than that repre
sented by the stars and stripes, and in doing
so they are traitors to a government whos-e
generosity they abuse, and if they continue to
conspire against the state their sham covering
of sanctity aud holy hypocrisy will not save
them.
The American people have had a 'taste of
education and liberty and they thirst for more,
and they will stand solidly by'that institution
which above all others creates- a desire for
knowledge and teaches the equality of all citi
zens.
In the public schools the children of the rich
and poor stand on the same level. The schools
unify the coming citizens, they exalt the
brotherhood of men and create sympathy be
tween heart and heart.
That our public schcqls are immoral is a
charge as false as the source from which it
comes is foul.
In our schools are taught the reign of law
throughout the entire domain of matter and of
mind, whether of earth or star-ue mined sky,
whether of individuals or institutions. Law
reigns supreme, and thct by men, women and
children, by placing themselves in harmoni
ous relations with natural law will receive
nature's choicest blessings.
The Catholic Church does not want our
children taught the immutability ot natural
law. because this grand truth does away with
the necessity or the possibility of the-interven
tion of her mouldy saints, and renders useless
and criminal the superstitious practices with
which she preys upon ignorance and fear.
The public school is the institution around
which cling and cluster the virtues and the
hopes of the American poople.
Friends, as a closing word permit me to say
that America was nuver intended as a home
for superstitious siaves. Her beautiful and
fertile and wide-extended valleys were meant
for free men.
The rock-ribbed Appalachians and the grand
old Sierras were never erected as monuments
to popery. The ocean voices of the Atlantic
and the Pacific were never tuned to sing the
requiem of American liberty. America, bright
est land of earth!
Her green-bound hills be-gemmed with
flowers, her snow-crowned mountains with all
their lofty majesty, gra:id in their physical
beauty, are but symbolic of the moral and in
te.Ueetua! grandeur of our people, when true
Americans shall stand on guard and native
demagogues and alien priests shall have for
ever lost their power.
DR. YORK AND ROME.
The Liberal Lecturer Criticizes tho
Methods of the Catholic
Clergy.
Dr. J. L. York, the liberal lecturer, last
evening addressed a large audience in
Scottish Hall on Larkin street. His dis
course was on "Romanism, and Her
Methods of Propaganda and Criticism."
At the conclusion Dr. York called atten
tion to a petition now before Congress to
recognize God, Christ and \he Bible as an
integral part of our organic law. Ho
called attention to a protest against the
enactment of any such measure, and in
vited his audience to sign the protest.
Over 400 names wore added to the docu
ment before the lights were put out.
In the course of his address Dr. York
said:
Criticism oußht always to be welcome, but.
this is certain, that a criticism may be so ugly
and mean as to be offensive and unjust and
therefore defeat its primary objectof revealing
the truth and descend to evasion anu tricks of
the intellect.
This last method is largely practiced in both
polices ana religion, and to'tbe Roman churct
we nand t-'ie bouquet— it is welcome to the
honor— for methods of criticism that p&rtaka
almost wholly of tricky and wordy evasions of
truth. This City has never had before such an
exhibition 01 slippery, windy, wordy, tricky
warfare as Father Yorke has presented in the
City papers during the past few weeks to show
in the Catholic fashion that black is white and
white is black, because the Pope says so.
In his reply to our lecture what a total disre
gard for plain simple truth and what warping
and twisting to cover up truth there was.
me doctrine of universality and eternity of
matter admitted by ail scientists he denies,
simply beer) use it is the death blow to all
antropomorphic gods.
Father Yorke knows that natural science is
death to theology, hence he nsed two columns
of The Call to show that mater is not univer
sal and not eternal. The best reason he could
trump up was that matter was not eternal, be
came when anything wns burned up matter
was destroyed. Matter could not be universal,
because you could cut it up in chunks and put
a chunk here and another chunk there. So
matter could not '-e everywhere and that you
can t see matter, touch matter, taste manor,
smell matter, or feel matter.
If not, how did Father Yorke get here, and
What's the matter with him? Any Protestant
schoolboy knows better.
And that matter can only be changed in
form and not destroyed. But this is Catnolic
science, and shows whnt they teach in Catholic
theological schools, to deny anything a-'d
everything'that will not tally with their sys
tem of perverted truth. What a strange picture
of mental slavery and superstition has the
Catholic methods of culture and perverted
sense produced in the world.
The arrogance of Catholic priests and their
crafty and cunning disregard for simple truth,
in all their methods of propaganda, show the
utter duplicity and soulless and heartless na
ture of this scarlet, hoary-headed despotism
called Christiany, to show that Catholic propa
ganda alwuys it resorts to denials, sophistry,
evasion and quibbling trash to sustain her re
ligion.
WITH MASONIC HONORS.
The Remains of Mendel Esberg
Laid at Rest in Home of
Peace Cemetery.
Impressive Service at the Family
Residence on Pacific Avenue and
the Funeral Procession.
The remains of the late Mendel Esberg,
who was one of thi pioneer merchants of
this City and a member of the firm of Es
berg, Bachman & Co., was placed at rest
yesterday in the family plot in the Home,
of Peace Cemetery in San Mateo County.
The funeral took place yesterday morn
ing from the family residence, 2211 Van
Ness avenue, and there was a larger num
ber of mourners than there have been at
the mortuary services held over the re
mains of a private citizen for many years.
At the residence the service was conducted
by Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, rabbi of Temple
Emanu-El, and was most impressive.
Music was rendered by the Masonic
quartet, consisting of J. G. Baston, J. 11.
Ogtlvie, J. R. Jones and Samuel D. Mayer,
which sans the hymn "Lor<J, Thou Hast
Been Our Dwelling Place" and the solo
and quartet "Good Night." On conclu
sion of the ceremonies at the house a pro
cession was formed, led by Fidelity Lodge
No. 120, Free and Accepted Masons, of
which deceased was h past master, San
Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal Arch
Masons, of which deceased was n past high
priest, representatives of the Grand Con
sistory. Ancient and Accepted Scottish
Rite Masons of the State of California, fel
low members of the Temple Kmanu-El
and the Eureka Benevolent Society, em
ployes of tb* firm of which deceased was
the senipr member, and the sorrowing rel
atives and friends in carriages.
The line of march was to the Southern
Pncitic depot where the casket was trans
ferred from the hearse to the funeral car.
At the cemetery the remains were interred
with the solemn formalities of the Masonic
ritual, conducted by J. George Leibold,
worshipful master of Fidelity Lodge No.
120. The choir gave two selections — the
twenty-third Psalm, "The Lord Is Mv
Shepherd." and "Thy Will Be Done."
Many and very beautiful floral remem
brances were deposited on the grave.
The honorary pal l-'oearers were: Charles
L. J. W. Pierce and Harry J. Lask, repre
senting the Grand Consistory of the
Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry; Josenh Elfelt and B. Triest,
representing Ban Francisco Chapter No.
1, Royal Arch Masons; S. Silverberg, H.
S. Manhelm, E. Emanuel ana M. Silver
man representing Fidelity Lodge No. 120,
F. and A. M.; S. W. RosenstocK and Aug
Helbing, representing the Eureka Be
nevolent Society ; A. Anspacher and Raph
ael Peixotto, representing the Temple
Emanu-EI, and Levi Strauss, I. W. Hell
man, \V. B. Harrington, Thomas I. B:;r
--irin, Colonel M. H. Hecht. A. Bachman,
Lewis Gerstle, M. Ehrman, J. Frauenfeld,
G. Satro. J. Biandensteia, M. S. Grin
haum, S. Sussman, M. A. Gunst, Henry
Cohn and S. Goldstein, representing the
Board of Trade and the family. The body
bearers were the old emyloyes of the iirni.
MOTHER GOOSE.
Clever Presentation of an Operetta by
Children of th« Congregation
Sherlth Israel.
Eighty iittle lads and lassies, with the
co-op<? ration of Mrs. N. Schlesinger, Miss
Josephine L?szynsky and Miss Maude
Leszynsky, helped to add .between $200
and $4*) to the library fund of the Congre
gation Sherith Israel yesterday afternoon.
The Columbia Theater, where they pre
sented the operetta of "The Kingdom of
Mother Goose," specially arranged by
Miss Josephine Leszynsky and Mrs. N.
iSchlesinger, wis well filled, a large por
tion of the audience being composed of
little tots, who sat open-mouthed and with
staring eyes at the realistic antics of fai
ries, elfs, brownies, imps and sprites and
the favorite characters of the Mother
(JouHe melodies. Not the least interested
•Dictators were the inmates of the Hebrew
Orphan Asylum, for whom liad been re
bervod tho two front rows of the gallery.
The costuming wus tasteful, elegant and
most appropriate, and in all gases was pro
vided by the mothers of the participants
witlioutexpense to the congregation.
Hazel Leszynsky maintained the dignity
and grace of the fairy queen with com
mendable ability. Some of the striking
features were the skirt dnnce by Ruby
Mendelsohn, the lazarina dance by Belle
Livingston and the. ballet, in which Belle
Livingston was premier cianseuse, and was
ably seconded by Ruby Mendelsohn.
Little Viola Leszynsky, a girl of about
three years, was the heroine of the iinale
in the role of Mary, with her little lamb.
Her popularity was not at all lessened by
the baa taste of her little pet in toppling
over at an interesting part of the perform
ance.
The first act showed a picnic party of
children who fell, under the care of 'the
brownies. In the second act the picnickers
awake in brownie- land, and in the tf-.ird
net were entertained in the fairy palace by
the fairy queen and her sprites' ana imps
who brought to the palace the familiar
characters of Mother Goose for the pleas
ure of their guests.
Mn«ter Leon Kutnenas a brownie, made
quite a hit in his singing of a topical song
composed by Mrs. K. Schlesinger.
Ji.ab de Deus, who recently died at Lis
bon, was the most celebrated of modern
Portuguese poets. He was born in 1830
and studied law at the University of Coim
bra. He devoted himself to poetry and
was hailed as a second Camoens. His
published works are few in number, but
his poems are remarkable for originality
of thought and purity of style and treat
ment.
Ben Brierley, who died recently in Eng
land, was known as the greatest living
authority on Lancashire dialects.
PREPARING FOR
THE BROWN FIGHT
Opposing Forces in the
Church Scandal Hard
at Work.
BOTH CLAIM A VICTORY.
Judge Advocate Woodhams Re
ceives Many Tips, but Ac
complishes Little.
NEW WITNESSES TO BE CALLED
Mrs. Thurston Will Testify as to Mis.
Tunnell's Talks With Her
About Dr. Brown.
The opposing elements in the Brown
scandal are gathering their forces for th.c
battle which will be renewed before the
council of churches to-morrow. Neither
side will admit the possibility of defeat.
The pastor's opponents claim to have se
cured evidence much more damaging than
anything yet introdnced.
On the other hand, Dr. Brown's friends
affect to regard this sort of talk as purely
an effort to boost up a decidedly weak
case. They say further that when the
pastor has made his statement, backed by
Miss Overman, Deacon Dexter and a score
of others, the present charges will be found
to be absolutely groundless.
Judge - Advocate Woodhams has had
many callers since the council adjourned
la<st Thursday. Some of these had stories
to tell, but no proof. Others Rare him a
few "quiet tips," none of which, however,
have produced anything approaching a
fact. The mysterious Mrs. Baddin has
been heard from no less than three times !
since last Thursday, and Saturday it was |
confidently stated that she had been |
located. It now turns out to be a false ■
alarm.
It is probable that Deacon Dexter will
be the tirst witness examined at the Tues
day afternoon session. He is expected to
prove that Mrs. Stockton came to him pro
fessing great friendship for Dr. Brown. In
fact she is said to have virtually admitted
that Dr. Brown had never been guilty of
an improper act toward her, but had been
forced to assume a contrary position.
Mrs. Cooper will be recalled for cross
examinaiion, and then her dauahter, Miss
Hattie, is expected to throw some light
on the disappearance of Mrs. Tunneli.
She is said to be in possession of informa
tion which will prove conclusively that the
important witness was spirited from this
City, by Dr. Brown's friends, and that she
is remaining away at their solicitation.
Mrs. Thurston of Oakland w:U also ap
pear as a witness. In an interview pub
lished in The Cai/l January 3 she claims
that Mrs. Tunneli told her of the illegal
relations of Dr. Brown and Miss Overman.
Mrs. Barton of 16 Dell Place, this City, de
clares that sbe was told the same story
many months ago and is anxious to repeat
it before the council. She wiil be accom
modated next Wednesday.
If the present schedule is carried out,
Miss Overman will give her version of the
scandal at the Wednesday night session.
Judge- Advocate Woodhams has sug
gested to Miss Overman that she outline
to him the statement she will make be
fore the council. So far he has not suc
ceeded, and it is not at all probable that
he will. The judge advocate was anxious
to discuss the authenticity of the famous
Overman letters, but the alleged writer of
these damaging epistles declined the in
vitation. Whether the letters are ad
mitted to be genuine or declared clever
forgeries, Miss Overman is reported to
have s^aid that she does not propose to sup
ply for the prosecution powder with which
_^^^^^— -_ *^?? TO-DAY.
"Red "Red
Letter Letter
l^V ff W F^ ««
Days" Days"
To=day
Begins our 12th "Red Let- . '
ter" sale of Furniture.
Perhaps you wonder why
£^W we have "Red Letter Day" «k
-^y^jg sales if you don't make any- / Jim
w^»p |^^\ii4 We do make — not money Vif Jjjt'-a
— we nia^ ce new friends — • Y^r^W 1^
/T^j^r^.' ; ! new customers. Get people " i^iKl
"ggpfEpr^^: j;i jin our store who were never y^/^^&
iEfflf® if/ Is, We don't mind I*dn;a few dollars l^SsUniflwim
S^P^r'*'!/ \ > to got acquainted wiih new peopio l\?7Jfrß\ Z W ffl
8. !^ ~\jj \ •nd make them acquainted with us. ' ■iut(&£ffi\ Xv » »'
' 1 2 th Sale *
Each of our eleven former
"Red Letter" sales has been
bigger than its predecessor ;
the new friends we make
. . each time are always glad to
; come again — that's the rea-
son why.
4 * RCCI Carpets . Rugs . Mattings " IV.CM ?
I etter CALIFORNIA if|£| ' ." e f f er
*-*W tLVi FURNITURE COMPANY *" V *
-->.  (N. P. Colo & Co.) ¥S 9%
DayS 117-123 Geary Street. UaVS^
to fire lead-like questions. The judge-ad
vocate mast ask questions according to the
lights before him, and she will do likewise
in her answers.
Dr. Brown is disappointed at Mrs/Stock
ton'sdetermination not to appear as a wit
ness again.
"I was very anxious, to ask her one or
two questions," he said yesterday, "which
would have convinced the public that she
was telling a story not founded in fact.
For instance, in her statement Thursday
night she says that her visits to the office
were made after dark for fear of meeting
the sexton.
"Now it is a fact well known that the
sexton, except on service days, leaves the
church at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Of
course, I can show all this anyway, but I
would much prefer to ask her the direct
questions."
Professor Lloyd occupied the pulpit of
the First Congregational Church at morn
ing and evening service yesterday. Dr.
Brown and his wife appeared at the morn
ing service, but were not seen at the
church again during the day.
A Dog Is Her Model.
A sleek, black cat living in the Stuyve
sant section has never known a mother's
care, fche was so young and helpless
when removed from the society of her
kindred that she had to be fed by hand,
.me family who adopted her own a hand
some cojhe who immediately took the
diminutive Kitten under his protection,
fehe is well trained, but the odd part of the
result of her companionship with the collie
is that she has learned many tricks which
are common enough with dogs, but which
no other cat has been known to practices
For instance, Sukie wags her tail, whaclc
it expressively when she is addressed or
talked about.. — Brooklyn Eagle.
THE ART OF THE PUEBLOS
Dr. A. M. Warburg, a Noted
Florentine Investigator,
in the Gity.
His Story of the Surprises Which Met
Him in Historical Art Aihong
the Indians.
Among the arrivals at the Palace last
evening was Dr. A. M. Warburg of Ham
burg and Florence. The doctor is a grad
uate of Strassburg and for eight years past
has been studying and writing on histor
ical art in Italy.
Dr. Warburg is the author of severals
books, among them one on'Ttalian Operatic
Music" and another on "Poets of Italy."
His home has been in Florence, and he
has, when not visiting, devoted nearly ail
his time to the study of historical art.
He has just arrived from Albuquerqo*
and Santa Fe, where he made many
excursions to the Pueblo Indian villages
and studied Indian art, as shown in the
various articles which they produce.
Dr. Warburg says he regards the work
of the Pueblos as very curious, and ha
wonders that more scientific expeditions
are not sent out by individuals and the
Government to get all the particulars re
garding the pottery and other things made
by the Indians. He thinks that in a short
time it may be too late to collect these
wonderful details.
"Fifty years will obliterate them," he
said, "and they will be lost to science.
Their art is so closely connected with their
mythological beliefs that to abstain from
collecting the details now is to lose the es
sence of the art.
"I have spent a great deal of time in
Florence studying Italian historical art,
but I think the historical art of New Mex
ico is more interesting even than that of
Italy.
"In a few years the Indians will all be
educated in American ways and the In
dian art will be gone.
'•I shail go from here to Japan to study
Japanese art for a short time, and will then
return to this City and go back to New
Mexico. I want to collect more informa
tion, and then I may write a book on the
historical art of the Pueblos.
"I certainly do not know of a more in
teresting subject. The art of the Pueblos
is a great surprise to me. It is shown not
only in their pottery but in all the articles
which they make, and is of hicu. quality."
Dr. Warburg will be here for a week or
thereabouts, and will then sail for Japan.REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Discussion of the Torrens Sys
tem Continued by War
ren Gregory.
NORTH SIDE IMPROVEMENTS.
Wieland Property Sold— s6s,ooo Mar.
ket Street Sale— Building
£nd Loan Notes.
The demand for realty seoms to be more
by, and while the bulk does not at»
greeate an excessively large amount by
any means the trade is encouraging
1 here has been a noticeable increase in
the Dumber of recorded transfers, which
include several important sales of business
property.
During the past week the sale of the
Mieland property on the west side of
Powell street, between Ellis and Eddy
was effected by Baldwin & Hammond to
-Mrs. C. F. Clarke, at the price of $100,000.
1 ne h?t has a frontage of 41 feet and a
depth of 87;.' feet, with an "L" in the rear.
The improvements consist of a four-story
frame building under lease for $600 per
month.
Another sale of note was a lot 25x90 feet
on the southeast line of Market street °00
feet southwest of Sixth, with two-story
brick Improvements, for $C 5,000. The
transierwas made through the Burnham
•v- -Marsh Company. The total number of
deeds recorded during four days of the
past week was 104.
Money is abundant for loaning purposes
at reasonable rates on good real estate se
curity, and the records indicate consider
able activity in this line. The largest real
estate loans made the past week were as
*  ™ s \ By the Mutual Savings Bank
?u),opo to \\ m. McCormick at 7 per cent
per annum, on the southwest corner of
Market and Brady streets, 75x124; by the
Hibernia .Savings and Loan Society." 11,
--802 to David Hewes for one year at GJ^ per
cent, on the northeast corner of Market
and Sixth streets, 53x90; and $15,000 to the
Langa Investment Company for one year
at 6} 3 per cent,- on the northeast corner of
Minna and Sixth streets, 75x25.
The principal releases granted were:
By James Finlayson $16,000 to Christopher
Nelson on property on the southeast line
of Mission, 402:6 Southwest of Fifth street,
SOxlGO; by the Mutual Savings Bank $12,
--000 to Frederick and Mary Ityer on prop
erty on .the south line of O'Farrell, 112:6
east of Powell, 25x137 and by A. E. Tait
$10,500 to W. E. Allen on blocks 68, 69 and
86 in the Excelsior Homestead Association.
Building statistics make a fair showing
and the number of idle premises will not
be found exceptionally large, when the
number of buildings wnich do not afford ;
modern accommodations are left out of the
estimate.
THE TOEEENS LAND TRANSFER SYSTEM.
Continuing the discussion upon the Tor
rens land transfer system, "Warren' Gregory
writes:
Editor Call : I note with pleasure the interest
displayed by your correspondents in reference
to the Torre us system of land transfer. It is
useless to expect any adoption of this system
in California, or us successful operation after
its adoption, until its every phase has been dis
cussed in ihe public press and its merits appre
ciated by an intelligent public opinion. Any
legislation relating to the rights oi property in
land strikes deeply at the interests oi every
member of the community, and it is conceded
that the security which will instill public con
fidence is the quality above all others which
every system oi laud transfer must possess.
Bat in examining any proposed new system it
is well also to note the deficiencies of the pres
ent recording acts, and to ask whether they
give the necessary stability of title which may
atone ior the expense and delay incident to a
transfer under them.
Borne of the causes of uncertainty in the Dres
ent system may be briefly stated thus:
1. The record gives no* information as to the
-ion. If. a^ it. matter of fact, the land
has been held adversely to the grantor by some
one for the period oi five years the deed is
worthk
It might be said that since the passage of the
present constitution the payment of taxes is a
necessary link in claiming" adverse possession
and that this is a matter of record, but these
records do not show who paid the taxes and
therefore cannot give any notice as to that fact.
There are many instance's of everyday occur
rence in ivhich a pers-on who has paid money
upon trie faith of the record title has received
no consideration for it on account, oi the pos»
y right being in a stranger.
2. The record can never show that the deed
lias baen delivered. It is true that the delivery
to the Recorder constitutes jrinm facie deliv
ery, but it is not conclusive and may be repudi
ated by proof.
There is a class of cases now becoming very
common in which it seems to me this q .
■will become of grave import. It is now a com
mon practice fora person, say a husband, to
make out a deed to his land in iavor of his
wife, but it is not placed of record until after
his death, if this deed was as a matter of fact
delivered to the grantee by the grantor it is
vfelid, if not, it is invalid, unless it complies
with the forms oi a will. In other words, the
validity oi a title which a grantee would take
rf-sLR upon oral proof as to whether or not there
has been a delivery during the lifetime of the
grantor. This is oftentimes very difficult to
obtain, and the evidence can never be very
satisfactory because no record has been made
o: it.
3. The present system leaves many questions
open as to the identity of the parties. For ex
ample: Since the passage of the statuteof 1889,
forbidding a husband to transfer community
property by way of gift, without the consent of
hiswife.it becomes in every instance impor
tant to know whether or not the grantor be
married. There is frequently no record made
of this, and one must therefore rest upon th
recital in the deed. If there was no recital iei
the instrument itself, it is necessary to get evn
dence without the record, a matter of much
time and trouble.
4. The expense of preparing abstracts of
title grows greater with each additional
transaction, for with every sale there is added
a new link in the chain of title which must be
passed upon. These titles must, except In a
few special cases, be traced to the source.
Although the Legislature of this State has,
upon several occasions, attempted to pass a
statute which would establish a starting point
beyond which the searcher need not go, it has
practically produced no effect.
Any such wholesale attempt to rectify exist
ing defects is always subject to tHe constitution
al objection that owners may not be deprived
of their property without due process of law.
In practice, therefore, these curative acts have
been of little use, for the conveyancer always
feels it necessary to go back of them in order
to ascertain whether there are outstanding
rights. This constitutional objection does not
exist to the Torreus act, as 1 previously en
deavored to make clear.
The problem of how best to preserve these
existing records is a serious one. The mass of
testimony which is being accumulated through
out the country is enormous. Since the de
struction of the Hall of Records in Chicago in
1871, there have been accumulated in the Be
corder's office of Cook County more than 4200
large volumes of .deeds and mortgage. '. In
>.*e>v York City the accumulation has been so
great that searches of titles can no longer be
tarried on by private parties, but must be done
by private abstract companies who rely upon
Indices prepared by themselves. In San Fran
cisco there are 1077 books of deeds of 500
pages each, 1140 books of mortgages and a
corresponding number in each of the other
■ rlaiona of conveyances authorized to be
recorded. These volumes are increasing at the
rate of three per day, which ratio must grow
greater as the City becomes more populous and
real estate transactions more numerous.
There i* now an earnest effort to make all
these recorders' office* fireproof, but absolute
safely in that regard is almost impossible.
Since we have become so accustomed to rely
upon the record the original document is
rarely preserved. As soon as it is recorded we
feel that we can always get a certified copy,
ami hence are careless of the necessity of the
preservation of the original. By the destruc
tion, therefore, of the public record practically
all evidence of an owner's title is destroyed.
This mate of things has already arisen in
pcveral ■' the States and has necessitated spe
cial ltKis'.fttion creating a short statute of lim
itation* within which all persons must come
forward an 1 prove their claims.
me expense and time necessarily employed
j n , Uic transfer under the present ijfe.
]x~ hr ' ''"li too great. The intending pur
cnHser hrst demands an abstract, which cannot
'. ' c 5 OI 'ipleted in San Francisco within less than
ti>» - and will cost from $20 to *50. Then
iirion i V ? must employ an attorney to pass
at orn "■abstract. Th rates charged by the
X" t8 for the large Eavings banks here,
«ae.e there are no bpecial complications, are
rror!.V7v d h,?t accor 5 a ce with the value of the
r tTon y h So" a baSiS We " take * 25 fOr a
an^%^n I J n " St , beadded the regular notary
tran S rtfrt , fee ' so that the total cost of
han^rn 0101o 101 worth 3000 isßeldom less
ime $00, or 2 per cent of its value. The total
le«v T^^Vhere is no especial cause Tor !
«liv \'h i 5 m Wteen to thirty days, more usu
howiv* la , tter than the former, These figures,'
ti ,V"- <l 0 not show the most glaring defect
" , lie system. Let us suppose that a large
'™V ™ land is cut up into subdivisions a-nd
sold at general sale to various purchasers. Al
tiiough the title is the same for every lot, yet
tac.i purchaser probably has a separate ab
iract prepared and is obliged to pay a separate
ice to an attorney, bo that the same work must
»x Rone over by each grantee. But this merely
sets the machinery in motion, for thereafter,
wnen^each of these lots is transferred, there
must be an independent March running back
to the root of the title, and of course additional
costs incurred.
It is thus seen that the present system neces.
saates a very large expenditure both of time
and money which benefits neither of the par
ties to the transaction, but is a bonus paid
on account of the defects in the machinery of
transfer. It amounts to a tax upon alienation
and an onerous one at that.
6VCCESS IN AUSTRALIA.
The report of the commission referred to in
your columns of the 17th inst. depreciating
the system, did not refer to the Torrens act in
Australia but to the operation of Lord West
bury's act of 1802 and Lord Cairn's act
of 1575 in England. These English
statutes differed radically from the Torrens
act. In fact the course of "English legislation
on this subject points to an unqualified in
dorsement of tne Australian system in the near
future. A writer for the American Law Review
of April, 1894, says:
"Notwithstanding the disadvantages [of the
English acts] the permissive features of the bill
allowing registration of title have been grow
ing in lavor, so that the Registrar-General of
England reports that the number of registered
owners is steadily increasing, and that the
manifest advantages of a registered title are
generally overcoming the deep-rooted opposi
tion of the English landowner to having his
title a matter of public record. In 1891 a
more sweeping measure adopting the Torrens
system passed the House of Commons and was
defeated in the House of Lords by a narrow
vote."
The operation of the Australian act has been
uniformly successful. In the Westminster Re
view for July, l^so', the following resume of its
workings appear:
"Tlie measure whs introduced into South
Australia lirst in 1^57, as already stated. In
the course of the first eighteen months more
than 1000 applicants to register titles came
forward voluntarily, out of a population of
100,000. The act was so successful in Sou th
Australia that it was copied in Queensland in
1 861 , where now over 08 per cent of the whole
land of the colony is registered; iv Tasmania
In 1 ~(iJ, in Victoria iv the same year; in New
South Wales in 1863, in spite of some misgiv
ings lest the jrri-aier antiquity of that colony,
founded in 1788, might render it less suitable,
which misgivings soon proved groundless.
New Zealand nnd Western Australia followed
In l-Co lui'l l<7-i, thus completing the entire
List vi Australasian colonies.
"As to its results Sir Arthur Blytb.K. C. If. G.,
agent-general for South Australia. sas"»: 'Reg
istration oi title is now almost universal. For
one transaction under deeds there are a thou
sand under the act. • * • In Tasmania it is
an everyday occurrence for parties to come to
the office, sign the proper forms, tilled up by
the clerk according to their instructions, pay
over the purchase money or the amount lent
then ami there at the counter, and walk off
wiui their business completed. From New
South Wales we learn 'the public generally
have become so accustomed to our certificate's
as in nianv instances to decline accepting a
property except the title is registered. In New
Zealand a large proportion of land transfer
business is transacted by unprofessional per
sons licensed as land brokers, and who readily
acquire the necessary familiarity with the sys
tem.' "
Constitutional objections: I have previously
pointed out the conclusions of the commission
of Illinois appointed to investigate this sub
jttCt. They reported that there were no insur
mountable constitutional objections to the
operation of the act in the United States. It
btiing conceded that an action to quiet title
against all owners known and unknown gives
an indefeasible title against the world, the con
stitutionality of the Cook County act would
seem to l>e proven. If.every land-owner in the
State should immediately begin an action to
quiet title against all persons and should ob
tain a decree to that effect a conclusive start
ing point for each title would be obtained. A
future searcher of that title need not examine
beyond that decree. A land transfer statute
could^accomplish this same result and with
infinitely less complication by the creation of
a short period of limitations, that is, the desig
nation of an arbitrary period within which all
persons must prove ilieir claims or be there
after barred.
The statute is set in motion by the filing with
the registrar, and thereafter no action Is
necessary, unless adverse claimants appear.
The claim ripens into a perfect title by lapse of
time.
The second constitutional objection, viz.,
that the registrar must exercise a judicial
function, is met by the insertion of a covenant
running with the land, by which that official
is made the arbitrator between all parties who
may lay claim thereto. No such wholesale "ar
bitration" has been heretofore attempted so
far as 1 know, but from the rulings of our courts
in other common arbitration causes there
would seem to exist no good reason against it.
A discussion, however, at the present time of
the constitutionality of the act is of little
value. This question must shortly be deter
mined upon cases arising under the Couk
County Act and conclusively settled. The
main thing now if how the practical workings
of the system, will result. Although fur
reaching in its results, the act in the main
features is simple, its details easily mastered
and practical operation iv other countries
shows it to possess at least the lollowiug advan
tages:
First, expense — The cost of a single transfer
will not be greater than $8.
Second, quickness— Registered land may be
6old or mortgaged by the transfer of certifi
cates easily accomplished in an hour's, time.
Third, security— By each transfer the title is
quieted, that is, the same result is obtained as
would be gained by a decree quieting title after
proper legal proceedings had.. Therefore no
search back of the certificate is necessary.
Fourth — The records become less cumber
some and all the machinery necessary to tran
scribe documents is done away with.
Warren Gregory.
yof.th side improvements.
Herbert E. Law in an interview the past
week said in speaking of tne improve
ments being made on the north side of
town:
The grading of Van Ness avenue north of
Union street has already made quite a change
in the appearance of the district. The water
and gas pipes are now being laid, cross line
sewers have been completed during the past
week and the work of bitumiaizing is now to
be pushed to a finish. Work is to be besrun
shortly on Bay street, between Polk and Van
Ness, which will give direct connection
Irom the north ride boulevard with Van Ness
avenue, thus making a continuous drive from
the ferry front along the shore of tfee bay to
Golden Gate I'ark by way of Van Ness avenue,
Lombard boulevard nnd through the Presidio.
1 urt Mason is baing graded, and when finished
is to be attractively laid out under the excel
lent diret-;on of General Forsythe. Few of
the general public are aware that at the end
of Van Nets avenue there is a fully improved
park occupied by the Federal Government for
military quarters.
The added improvements will make it one of
the most sightly parks in the city because of
its unsurpassed marine view, commanding as
itdc.es the entire bay, find situated right on
fie water's edge. It contains sixty acres.
While not so large as the Presidio, As water
frontage ami easy accessibility, with its mag
nificent view, give it great attractiveness.
We i-ee by far too little of our magnificent
bay with the chain of mountains for a back
ground, and the commanding islands and in
lets which give it a beauty never forgotten by
one who has ever seen it, and impressing upon
ono tho great but almost unknown commercial
possibilities of our grand harbor. The situa
tion is an ideal one. It Is the termination of
our greatest avenue, and with the probable
making of Van Ness avenue a "park way" by
planting trees and shrubbery down its center
and along the sidewalks, there Will be insured
a driveway and imrk view unexcelled in the
world, and one thut will at a stroke give a
beauty and character which only San Francis
co's natural situation couid command.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.
Thomas Ma<;ee & Sons will sell at public
auction at their salesrooms on March 7
the lot 120 feet square and old improve
ments at the southwest corner of Geary
and Larkin streets, belonging to the Anson
estate.
Within the past few days there has been
incorporated in this City the Borrowers'
Mutual Building and Loan Association,
of which the following-named gentlemen
are the directors:
George D. Toy. of ths firm of Bovee, Toy <t
Co.; Joseph F. Korderer, ot the frorderer Cor
nice Works; J. J. Nachtrieb, of the wholesale
leather house of J. O. Rued <te Co.; David Kerr,
tbe truck manufacturer, and F. H. McCormiek,
general agent for tbe Chicago, Rock Islanrt
and Pacific Railway. Following arc tbe offi
cers chosen for the first year: President,
Frank H. McCormiek; vice-president, Joseph
F. Forderer; attorney, George T. Wright ; sec
retary, Charles E. Naylor; treasurer, Daniel
Meyer.
The plan of the association is somewhat
different from that in use by the other
local associations; first, in the fact that no
"premium" is charged at all, the bor
rower simply paying his dues on shares
and his interest on the actual amount re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
ceived by him, in monthly installments of
$1 25 per $10\ or $12 50 per $1000.
David Bush of the country department
of O'Farrell & Co. reports the sale of an
improved vineyard property on Howell
Mountain, Napa County, for $3000; also
residence property in the suburbs of Oak
land for SfljOOO.
The California Building and Loan Asso
ciation of Alameda, with business offices in
this City, will hold its eighth annual meet
ing in Alameda on Monday evening, March
9, for the election of officers and the con
sideration of annual reports.
C. C. Bemis reports the sale of a water
lot on Steuart street, between Mission and
Market, 45:10x137:6. and old improve
ments, to George Parker, for $4500.
Will E. Fiaher & Co. report the follow
ing sales:
Ihree lots 25x100 on California street
and a lot on Second avenue, near California,
each for $ 1000; three lots in block 215, Rich
mond, between Point Lobos and Clement, $415
each; lot 30x75 on the north side of Clement
street. 90 feet west of Eleventh avenue, $950;
lot 25x100 on the south side of Clement. 90
feet east of Eleventh avenue, $1000; three lots
south ot the park, corner of Tenth and If,
Eleventh and M, and Eleventh and L, $900
each, and four inside lots in the same block,
$450 each.
About four months ago Baldwin & Ham
mond placed on tho market the first sub
division of the Castro-street Addition,
which contained 150 lots. Since that time
130 lots have been sold. A number of
pretty homes have been erected and other
buyers have made known their intention
to build as soon as the winter season is
(airly over. Encouraged by their success,
the Ca*tro-street Lund Company has in
structed Baldwin & Hammond to offer for
sale a new block containing forty-eight
lota. The agents are confident that tho
sale of the new block will be even more
rapid than the last subdivision.
Shainwald, Buclrbee & Co. will hold an
auction sale on Wednesday, March 11.
The catalogue comprises fifty twenty-five
foot lots on Twenty-first, Twenty-second
and Hampshire streets and "Potrero
avenue, the remaining portion of the Mor
genthau property.
Yon Ehein <fe Co., by order of Mayor
Sutro, will offer at auction on Thursday,
March 5, blocks 224 and 225, outside land's.
This property is only one thousand feet
from the Cliff House and commands a
beautiful view of the ocean and the count
less attractions of that vicinity.
Among the largest pieces of property to
be offered at auction by Easton, Eldrfclge
&■ Co. next Tuesday will be the Alexandria
Hotel on the south side of SutteV street,
near Jones. The lot has a frontage of 65
feet and a depth of 137:6. The building
contains 120 rooms and is said to have cost
$?u,OOO.
SALVATION ARMY TROUBLE
Agitation Over the Dismissal of
Commander Baliington
Booth.
May Cause a. Permanent Rupture Be
tween English and American
Salvationists.
The announcement of the retirement of
Ballington Booth and his wife, Maude
B. Booth, from the command of the Sal
vation Army in the United States, as given
in a telegram in Tira Call of yesterday,
has caused widespread sorrow among the
army of this City, and as far as can be
learned throughout the coast.
It was the main topic of conversation
among both soldiers and officers at the
headquarters. Many refused to believe
the truthfulness of the report and declared
that the} 1 would not accept it as a fact
until official information was received.
Although the rank and file of the army
were averse to talking for publication con
cerning the matter, the genorai sentiment
expressed was to the effect that yountr
Booth was driven from his position by
enemies in London, led by Colonel Eadie,
the chief secretary, who visited this coun
try a few years ago.
It is openly asserted that General Booth,
the father of Ballington, was so worked
upon that he gave peremptory orders to
Commander Herbert Booth to demand the
keys and office which have been surren
dered.
This is the second son of the general,
and that he should have so suddenly been
divested of his office was a surprise to all.
Although this movement has been
quietly worked by English enemies for a
long time it was wholly unknown to the
army in the United States. That it will
cause a permanent rupture is the fear of
those who have the cause nearest their
hearts.
Major "William Hatpin, editor of the
War Cry, whasucceeded Captain Milsajjs,
visited Stockton yesterday, and therefore
could not be interviewed.
Captain Reed of White Wings Corps No.
3, located on Mission street, near Third,
said: "If the report be true, and of course
there is little doubt of it, 1 regard the loss
of Mr. and Mrs. Ballington Booth as a
very serious blow to the cause of the Sal
vation Army in the United States. It was
only last October Mrs. Booth visited this
Coast as you will remember, and she held
forth to the largest audiences that could be
crowded into the largest halls obtainable.
She is undoubtedly the brightest woman
connected with the army, and she won our
undying love."
"What will be the effect of this change?"
was inquired.
"That I cannot say, of course, out I do
not believe that it will meet with general
approbation, although I believe that the
army is loyal to its Commander-in-chief,
General Booth."
"Do you not think that it will perma
nently sever the existing relations be
tween the Salvationists of this country
and Eneland?" was asked.
"I could not pretend to answer that
question, and furthermore I have not had
time to think the matter over as yet."
Several other captains expressed the
same sentiments.
Captain Armstrong of Mission Corps
No. 4 regretted that such a thin<i had hap
pened, but did not know enough concern
ing the matter to discuss it. He hoped
that no harm would be done to the army
in America, though he could not tell
whether it was the opening wedge to a
grand breach between the English and
American soldiers.
A PESTHOUSE.
The Government to Be Asked to Cede
Part of Angel I»laud to
Build One On.
"There is to be a discussion to-morrow
before the Supervisors," said Mayor Sutro
yesterday, "in regard to locating the Pest
house on the Almshouse tract. What will
be done I do not know, but if the Southern
Pacific wants it there it will go there.
"But I do know that the Pesthouse
should be located on an island, and appli
cation will be made to the Govern
ment to allow the City to estab
lish ana maintain a Pesthouse on the
north shore of Angel Island, where the
quarantine station is located. It will no
doubt be obtained, aud there it will be out
of harm's* way.
"The , people of the Mission are rising
against the proposition to locate the Pest
house on the Almshouse tract, for they
fear that the winds will carry from the
Pesthouse disease and spread it over the
Mission district. There is some talk of a
crematory to distroy refuse matter in and
around the proposed Pesthouse, but that
will not help matters, for with that, they
cannot destroy all the germs of disease
that will float in the air or be carried by
birds to sources which will endanger the
public health.
"The people of New York City had very
much the same trouble we are having in
regard to a pesthouse, but they finally had
theirs removed to an island at the end of
the harbor, but they had to fight and fight
hard to accomplish that result. That is
what our peopie will have to do."
ART STUDY FROM DEATH.
The Life Class of the Local
Institute at Toland Medi
cal College.
— —————
DISSECTING TABLE LESSONS.
The Girls Applied Smelling Salts,
but Were as Brave as Their
Brothers.
SmelHng salts were called into requisi
tion at Toland Medical College yesterday
afternoon.
The life class of the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art attended a lecture by Dr.
William Hay, their instructor in anatomy
and the assistant demonstrator in the de
partment of anatomy at the college. Dr.
Hay's lectures thus far have been illus
trated by means of a skeleton and a pgpier
mache model, the gift of Dr. R. Beverly
Cole to the life class. The model or
manikin is decidedly realistic, being col
ored according to nature's plan. The
young ladies who are considerably in the
majority in the life class showed some
mild signs of hysteria on the introduction
of the manikin, but they have grown ac
customed to his presence, and he has
served a useful purpose in preparing the
way for a calm reception of his ghastly
successor of yesterday.
The girls looked upon a dissecting-table
subject for.the first time. They looked at
the table and its, to artistic eyes, unattrac
tive burden bravely, however, for there
were glances full of roguish inquiry from
the masculine contingent of the class, and
they were determined to show that they
were as brave as the boys. They suc
ceeded, to all outward appearances, for if
the young men disdained their offers of
the smelling salts they started quite as
nervously at times.
In time professional interest overcame
womanly timidity and the girls answered
the instructor's questions as readily as did
the boys, shrinking no more than the lat
ter did.
When the doctor referred to some
shrunken portion as "our chum," or "our
pet," they laughed at the humor. Some
of them lingered to thank Dr. Hay for the
privilege of the afternoon's study.
" MEASURE FOR MEASURE."
The Rev. W. H. Ktirier on What God
Demand.* In This World.
The Rev. Wra. H. Rader preached at the
Y. M. C. A. Hall yesterday afternoon on
"Measure for Measure." He told how ex
actly as one neglected or performed his
duty here his penalty or reward was meted
out to him.
This sermon was a plea for higher life,
and the divine held that it was the very
source of life to do one's duty and have
the approval of one's own conscience.
He recounted an experience of the great
revivalist, Moody, wiio met a wounded
man. The man in his then condition of
mind and body rebelled against giving
himself up to God, but that was exactly
what he found he must do if he would be
saved. Similarly a great painter found on
the streets of New York one day a ragged,
deplorable man. He asked him to call at
his studio next day, and he would paint
him.
But the man called in a handsome suit
of black, with immaculate linen, polished
shoes and cane, and the painUsr would not
take him. He wanted him just as he had
been naturally, and not made '.ip for the
occasion. "That is what God wants," re
peated the preacher.
PRAYER FOR THE DEAD
Impressive Ceremonial in the
Cathedral by the Calvarian
Society.
Sermon by Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke
on "The Cause or Reason of the
Passsion of Christ. "J
Yesterday afternoon the first of the Sun
day afternoon lenten services, under the
auspices of the Calvarian Society, was
held at St. Mary's Cathedral. The'edifice
was thronged with worshipers gathered
together to offer prayer for the dead and
to assist at the other religious exercises.
The Calvarian Society — the object of
which is prayer for the repose of the dead
— offers to God for the. purpose the great
prayer commemorative of the passion of
the Savior of men — "the Stations of the
Cross." This is one of the most noble and
touching prayers of the Catholic church.
It calls to mind the sorrowful and tragic
events in the life of Jesua.
Beginning with the first station, "the
agony in the garden," where the Son of
God endured a suffering so great as to
cause the blood to rush from the pores of
his sacred tody, down to the fourteenth
station, when he was at length lain lifeless
in the sepulcher, are the stern lessons held
up to view to teach mankind lipw to jour
ney through life, how to endure, how to
conquer, how to die.
This is the prayer offered privately by
the members, these general assemblages
being an extra offering ana in keeping
with the holiness of the ienten season.
Yesterday the stations were made by
the Rev. Fattier Byrne. The sorrowful
"Stabat Mater," always sung between the
stations, but usually by a choir only,
issued also from the lips of the congrega
tion. The "Veni Creator" was also Bung
by it. Rev. Father Yorke delivered the
sermon owing to the inability of the
Archbishop to be present. The subject
was "The Cause or Keason of the Passion
of Christ." J3efore entering upon his sub
ject the speaker encouraged the members
of the society to be faithful and true to
the duty their charity leads them to as
sume, lie dwelt on the necessity and
virtue of prayer for the dead, and spoke
eloquently on the greatness of the prayer
of the "Way ol the Cross," which is the
feature of their organization.
He then sermonized upon his theme —
dwelling upon the fall of Adam, the
crime against, an infinite God and the
necessity for a reparation that would be
infinite. This necessity resulted in Christ
assuming the sins of the world and under
going death on the cross.
Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament
conclnded the services. It is evider.' from
the outpouring of the people to attend this
initial Sunday afternoon service, that
these services will be well attended until
the joyous r«ttls of the Easter bells shall
have sounded an adieu to the season of
penance and its prayers of sorrow.
THE COMUS' EEPLY.
San Francisco Football Boys Fighting
Stockton in a Verbal Battle.
The members of the Comus Club of this
City are out in battle as a result of the
telegram published in yesterday morn
ing's papers apropos of the football game
with the Stockton Athletic Club, in which
they participated in Stockton on Wash
ington's birthday.
The telegrams say that the Stockton
Athletic Club agreed to play the second
eleven of the Olympic Club; that, instead
of sending up a team as agreed upon, a
picked team was organized for the purpose
of "doing up" Stockton's boys. They also
say that the San Francisco boys "abso
lutely refused to give their names and that
the Stockton men do not know the names
or identity of some of the men they went
against." Also that the San Francisco
team did not, with two or three excep
tions, wear the Olympic colors.
Now, tto Comus Club emphatically de
nies thes%charges and insinuations. In
the first place they say that the Stockton
team did not agree to play a game with the
Olympic Club eleven. The challenge was
sent in the name of the "Comus Club
Team of San Francisco."
And the Stockton boys, for the sake of
attracting a larger audience, advertised
the visitors as the "Second Eleven of the
Olympic Club."
This was done without the knowledge or
consent of the Comus Club.
It is alao denied that the San Francisco
boys refused to give their names. The
names were advertised in Stockton papers,
and with no exception the team appeared as
advertised. Moreover, there was no one at
all wearing Olympic colors, tliere being no
necessity for members of the Comus Club
to wear any colors except black and gold,
the club colors.
The boys say that they cannot believe
that the Stockton Clud could have re
sorted to such unsportsmanlike conduct as
to authorize the publication of these re
ports.
THE LABOR CONVENTION
Committee* Appointed to Compile the
Report of the Proceeding and to Ef
fect a. Permanent Organization.
The meeting of the delegate committee
of the labor convention was held at their
hall, 1159 Mission street, yesterday, and a
committee on permanent organization
and a committee to compile the work of
the convention were appointed. This lat
ter committee, composed of Messrs. Roge,
Schadt and Saunders, will meet to-day.
Their work is to put in readable and suc
cinct shape the proceedings of the conven
tion of last Sunday, have it printed and
submit it to the various organizations rep
resented. These will adopt or reject and
their action will be reported to the con
vention at its next meeting, March 15.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion selected is composed of August Mil
ler, li. T. Mclvor, S. F. Burns, Stinson of
the A. R. U. and .Tenner of thefvpograph
ical Union.
DUKE AMONG SALESMEN.
He Gets $25,000 for Three Years'
Work, Besides a Helper
and Expenses.
Max Friedlander's Story of the Ben
efits of the McKinley Bill to
People Here.
Max Friedlander, who represents a Chi
cago cloak manufacturing firm employing
WOO sewing machines, is in trie City. Mr.
Friedlander is one of the highest salaried
men in the country, receiving $25,000 and
traveling expenses for a three years' con
tract, besides the aid of a traveling assist
ant. He carries as many as sixteen or
seventeen trunks, and usually stays about
three months here. Mr. Friedlander said
some interesting things yesterday about
high salaries and the effect of the MuKin
ley bill in advancing the price of labor.
"In regard to these big crackajack sal
aries of traveling men," he said, "I get as
much as anybody. There are two or three
of us that get about the same. I get $25,
--000 for a three years' contract, or over
$8000ayear, besides all traveling expenses.
A man is sent along, too, to help me at
the firm's expense.
"A man who gets this salary is ex
pected to sell $200,000 worth of'goods a
year, or thereabouts. He may sell more,
and if he does, for all over that he gets a
percentage in addition to his salary. The
firm figures up at the end of the three
years and if I have sold over $»>OO,OOO
worth of goods I get a percentage on what
is over. I may add that for the last three
years 1 haven't averaged $200,000 a year.
Times have been too dull for that.
"We get our piece-goods from Leeds,
Manchester and other cities in England,
and from Berlin. We als* get some made
up goods from the latter city. However,
most of the goods come in the piece, and
our workmen have got so now they can
make up the goods better than they can
abroad.
"The McKinley bill has helped the
clothins manufactures of this country.
Labor has been advanced a great deal. In
Germany men employed in clothing man
ufacturing never get over $8 or $10 a week,
while women get $3. in this country men
receive $15 and women from $0 to $7.
"Our American-made goo.is are getting
better and better all the time. We are so
much superior to the foreigners in
making up goods that there is no compari
son. Cloaks made in Germany don't tit
our women at all. The German women
are stouter and do not have the graces of
form that ours do."
Mr. Friedlander has been twenty-eight
years on the road, lie says that talk about
$10,000 and $15,000 to traveling men is not
well founded. It is more than is paid.
He gets as much, he says, as is paid to
anybody, und scarcely three men get as
much as that. The traveling man spends
money lavishly, or at least it is said of
him that he does.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Patriots of Gait Oppose the Measure.
Huntingtou'd Allies.
At a meeting of Gait Lodge No. 1,
Patriots of America, of which Alexander
Montague is first patriot and C. C.
Clements is recorder, held a few evenings
since at Gait, the following preamble and
resolution were adopted:
• Whereas, The people of the Pacific Coast
r.re unanimous in their opposition to the funa
ing of the debt owed by the Pacific railroaiis
to the Government of the United States, as pro
vided, for in a bill now pending in the Congress
of the United States; therefore be it
Resolved, That it is the undivided wish of the
seveiuv-five members of Gait Lodge No. 1 of
the Order of the Patriots of America that this
resolution be forwarded to our Representative
in Congress, the Hon. Grove L. .Johnson, re
questing him to devote his individual tnergy
and employ all honorable means to defeat tue
passage of the said funding bill, now pending
in the House of Representatives, or any other
bill hereafter introduced having for its aim
the same object; that wo invite our repre
sentative to regard this resolution, in coming
from his constituents, as offering him what
encouragement we can to sustain him in the
performance of his duties In the interest of
the whole of the people of nls district.
Mayor. Sutro when shown the preamble
and resolution yesterday read them care
fully and said: "It is well that the peo
ple should rouse themselves to the neces
sity of defeating the funding bill, but these
people made a mistake when they de
cided to send their protest to Grove L.
Johnson, for every one knows that he is a
railroad attorney." •
The Mayor stated that he had no private
advices from Washington in relation to
the funding bill and added: "The bill
will be beaten despite the great fight
Huntington and his lobbyists are making
in Washington and Kentucky. In the lat
ter place he has not paid lobbyists as he
has in Washington, but the railroads of
the State are making the fight. Still the
people of California must not relax vig
ilance.
"Why do I think a refunding measure
cannot pass?" continued the Mayor, re
peating a question, "why, we are on the
eve of a Presidential election and the party
leaders will not permit the passage of a
measure that would mean disaster to
them. But as I have already said, the
people themselves must see that no such
measure is passed."
TALKED TO THE BOYS
Father Yoike Explains the Na,
ture of the League of
the Cross.
GRAND RALLY OF COMPANY L.
Enthusiastic Gathering of the Friends
of the Order at Mission
Parlor Hall.
Company L of the League of the Cress
held its second grand rally at Mission Par
lor Hall yesterday afternoon, and a rous
ing rally it was. Long before the hour for
thee^ntertainment to commence there was
standing room only and very little of that.
The only decoration was an immense
American flag at the rear of the stage
draped about a portrait of George Wash
ington. Upon the stage were seated Rev.
Fathers O'Ryan, Gleason and Yorke;
Thomas Fallori, president of the league,
and C. Clarke, captain of Company L. '
President Fallon announced the num
bers on tha programme, which were as
follows: League hy to n, by assembly; pi
ano duet, Misses P. Conway and P. G.
Blake; comic song, Richard Egan; recita
tion, Sergeant Frank Sullivan of Company
I; song, Edward Loujrery of Company X;
"Veni Creator," audience; address, Rev.
P. C. Yorke; JCanaka chorus, members of
.Junior Branch Company L; cornet duet,
Frank Lycett and William Cadigan; song,
Bert Miner; specialties, Messrs. Egan and
McNulty; "Te Deum," audience.
The main feature of the afternoon was
the address by Father Yorke. The ap
plause with which the pneat's appearance
was greeted testified to the popularity with
which he is held by the Catholic com
munity.
The address was in part as .follows:
Ladies and Gentlemen and Boys of the League
of the Cross: It is a pleasant thing, and it does
my heart *ood, to look down upon the youth
ful faces of the boys and young men who have
enlisted under the banner of temperance, and
who are trying to spread in tnis town the
principles oi the crofas tney worship. A few
months ago I would have thought it labor lost
to explain what the League of the Cross was.
Since then I have heard that the League of the
Cross was a bloodthirsty band that lay awake
all night trying to think of some way to de
stroy our American institutions. 1 never be
fore thought ihere was so much ignorance in
the world as I have discovered dm ing the last
few months. I have learned that the League
oi the Cross is an organization made up of
Papists, mainly Jesuits, whose main object is
to cut the throat of Americanism.
The Catholic church in dealing with great
questions does not believe it is the proper
thing to go out on the street corners and, wav
ing a red na?, go for everything in sight. She
does not believe that by passing a law in Sac
ramento we will all become angels like that on
the City Hall— an anprel in everything but
wings. lam sure our Board of Supervisors is
like a certain place, very full of gocyi inten
tions, but they might legislate twenty-four
hours of every day but until men and women
are taught the true moral principles there will
be no great reformation.
There is in San Francisco a saloon to every
100 people. From this you may imagine the
pewen tne temperance people have to combat.
How are we going to prevent people from go
ing down the road to ruin? You can't do it by
erecting a barricade. They'll all go over it.
The only way to do it id by the will, and you
must take the will when it is young and pli
able. The young man, If he is taken when his
will is in this condition, may be so trained
that he will not have to have forceful re
straint, and will say of his own free manly
volition, "I will not touch it." This is what
the junior branch of the League of the Cross
is. The boys are pledged to total abstinence
until they are 21 years of age.
The senior branch is made up of men who
are over 21 years of age. When the boys be
come 21 years of age they are free to still con
tinue members of the league by taking what
is called the partial pledge. This is that they
will not visit saloons or treat or be treated".
There is, besides this the total pledge, and I
am glad to say that the large majority of the
boys show a decided preference for "the total
pledge, This is a good sign, and 1 like to see
•boys who are not willing to compromise with
this evil.
I do not think it needs any argument of mine
to tell you the League of "the Cross deserves
your support. The fact that so many of you
are here this afternoon snows that you are
heart and soul in this master, it is something
in which you might all be interested that we
raise a generation of men freed from the curse
of strong drink, whose cheeks are red with the
glow of health, whose eyes are bright with
purity, and whose brain i's clear because they
never put an enemy in their mouths to steal
away their brains, "it is an army of strong,
patriotic young Catholics, willing to do and
dare for their city and their native land.
Members of the league, you have your part
to play. It is well enough to get up"h«e and
claim for you all the virtues, but we know
that there are times when the foot stumbles.
You are taught to be manly boys and manly
men. .Remember there is only oue thing
to do. Keep your promise, and" if you can't
keep your promise get out of the Feague. If
you can't keep your promise, for God's sake
don't go about town breaking it and have the
Philistines point you out and say you are
members of the league and not mau'ly little
boys.
It is sometimes said that people of Irish birth
are more prone tp temptations to drink than
any other people. People who wish to throw
a stone at the old church say the saloon
keepers are all Irish. I have been taught dur
ing the last few months never to take any- ;
body's statement on faith. I have learned to
190k up everything anybody says, and by the
time you look it up you can generally believe
the opposite. I have had occasion to look up
this question. In the first place, there is sold
in England eighty times as much liquor in
proportion to the inhabitants as th»re is in
Ireland. If the Irish get drunk oftener than
the English it is because they get drunk
eighty times easier. They say that the Irish
are the majority of the saloon-keepers. A
friend of mine and I went down to the City
Hall and looked at the license books there.
Of 5445 names of saloon-keepers only UOO were
Irish. Then we divided the City into north
and south of Market, because they say that if
it is not true of the City it is at least true
south of Market. It isn't 'even true there. It
is not true in New York, it is not true in
Chicago, aud now this investigation has proved
it is not true in San Francisco.
Boys, I want to tell you right now that you
have nothing either in the present or the past
to be ashamed of. We do not go about carry
ing Uncle Sam under our wing as though lie
were a chicken. Uncle Sam is no chicken and
he does not need any one to protect him. I
=ay that in this League of the Cross we are do
ing a far nobler work than those who are go
ing about shouting against their neighbors.
We are teaching those boys to love that old
flag, we are teaching them to love their coun
try's heroes. It is one of the grandest blessings
that was ever given to any country that at the
head of its history there should stand a man of
such glorious untarnished civic record as was
that of George Washington. Patriotism, honor
and truth we teach you in order that you may
raise ud your hands before heaven and swear
allegiance to that flag under whose foids you
were born aud whose protection you must and
shall enjoy.
Much of the success of the rally is due to
the energy of the committee of arrange
ments, Consisting of Edward McDonough,
Thomas F. Quinn and Edward McKeon.
Sir Michael Meyendorf, who lately lec
tured in Chicago, is said to be the only
man ever released from Siberian exile
through the intervention of the United
States. He is a Pole, took part in the in
surrection of 18G3, was banished to Siberia,
but was released on the intercession of
President Lincoln and Secretary Seward
and banished* to the United States instead.
AUCTION SALES^ _ _ '_ _
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
w£b& /t*3> ifi& -£*&
SPSOZ^Ij !
Wednesday ....... ..February 26, 1896,
' At 11 o'clock a. m., we will sail
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.'
327 SIXTH STREJET,
By order of a private gentleman, the Handsomest
Kig in Town, consisting of one Handsome Chest-
nut Sorrel Mare, 5 years Old, good roadster or busi-
ness horse; one Fine Open Buggy, one Handsome
Top Busgjv Harness, Robes, Blankets, etc.
i Also 30 Work Horses, Open- and Top Wagons,
Carts, Phaetons, New and Second-hand Harness.
. No resorve or limit. -
1 SULLIVAN <& DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneer*.',
' KEY TO-PAT.
One
of the chief charms
of the "MANTELL"
Cigars is their abso-
lute uniformity — the
quality never varies*^
Mantells shipped on approval to country
dealers. Express Free if unsatisfactory.
THE WEUTHEIMER CO., Agents, S. F.
AUCTION SALES.
• 1 At Atirfiftti
TUESDAY-
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 25, 1896
At 12 O'CLOCK Noon*,
At 638 Market Street," Opp. Palace Hotel
Investment
Properties!
A GRAND PIECE OF
SUTTER-ST. PROPERTY,
Known as the
South Side of Sntter St., 41:2% East of
Jones St., L0t«5x137:6 Feet.
RENTAL $800 PER MONTH.
This new and .elegantly constructed 5-story
modern hotel building,
••THE ALEXANDRIA,"
Contains everything known to architects for
the convenience of patrons of a first-class
family hotel; it Is subdivided into 120 sunny,
cheerful and pleasant rooms, comprising grand
halls, elegant reception-rooms, parlors, billiard-
rooms, family rooms, in suit or single; fine eleva-
tor; in the basement is a complete outfit for the
| elevator; laundry appliances, and everything that
the demands require for a strictly first-class hou.->e,
or if desired the building is well arranged and can
be rented for offices. Doctors, dentists, artists and
all professional people are making Sutter st. the
great headquarters, resort and thoroughfare for
every profession useful to the human family. For
a professional not to be located on Hutter st. is to
be out of the swim.
Examine this property for an investment; a rare
opportunity for large piece of Sutter-st. property;
a chance once in a lifetime.
PALATIAL RESIDENCE
And Lot 137:6x137:6 feet, on north line
of Broadway, 137:6 feet east of Fill-
more street — very apex of Pacific
Heights.
This elegant mansion is one of the choicest
homes in this city; contains 18 rooms, comprising
Beautiful Parlors. Reception-rooms, Library, Bil-
liard Room. Elegant - .Dining-room and several
Bedrooms, Grand Hall, frescoes and elaborate or-
namentations throughout the residence; elegant
grounds, with stable for several horses, and the
grand aud imposing view of San Francisco bay,
the islands, the Marin, Sonoma, Napa and Contra
Costa Hills, and a constantly moving marine pan-
orama-view unequaled in the world.
The Mansion and Stable and the entire lot, 137:3
x 137:6 feet, will be offered as an entirety or
THE BEST 50-VARA
For residence in the city: north line of Broadway,
between Webster and Fillmore streets,
In Four (4) Large Subdivisions— 34:4J^x
137:6 Feet,
Reserving the improvements. A more perfect and
sightly location for a home cannot be foand in the
city. The homes of our best citizens surround this
mansion and grounds. Broadway is bitumlnized
and in splendid condition. Car accommodations
to every portion of city, s
Improved >'W. Corner Fillmore and
Jackson Streets. %
Improvementsconsist of
8 FRENCH FLATS,
Of 7 and 6 rooms and bath and a bay-window
residence of 9 rooms and bath. This is one of the
choicest locations on Paciiic Heights. Thfr prop-
erty is in quick demand for renting at all times;
surrounded by streetcars, accessible to any por-
tion of thpeity. Examine this for an investment.
Full rents $235; lot 98:*V2XlOO feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS 50-VARA LOT,
South line of 'Vallejo street, 137:6 feet east of
Fillmore. This is a grand location for a handsome
palatial residence. Klegant and choice neighbor-
hood. The grand view associated with the Pacific
Heights is enjoyed by this property. Lot 137:6 x
137:6 feet. Car accommodations everywhere. .
Mission Residence Lots.
East line Fair Oaks, north of 25th St.— Two ele-
gant and sightly residence lots; choice borne sites;
'25x100 and 'J ox 1 - __
■ Ridley, nr. Market and Guerrero Sts.
South line (No. 437) of Ridley st., 140 feet east
of Guerrero; house of two tenements; rent ?29;
Castro and Valencia cables: lot 'JsxlOo feet.
Mission— Grand Corner Lot.
NE. corner Guerrero and 27th sis.; elegant cor-
ner; all ready for building: choice location :\ ex-
amine this for home lot: "J7xBo feet; aisoadjpin-
ing on 27th St., with large warehouse almost full
size of lot; lot 20x77 feet; S. F. and 8. 11. cars.
■ • ■ . ■ ■ ■ { ■• r ; ; .' '. -.
• Bernal Heights Lots. „ '■
In Gift Map No. 3— Ten lots, bounded by Fow-
hauan. Hank and Butler or FoKsom streets; fine
view; must be sold; lots 25x70 feet.
• For catalogues, terms, etc., inquire of
eastox, i;i.im:i jm.j: it co.,
Auctioneer!.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Furniture;, Book and General Auc-
tioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, «6181.
Furniture of the Hotel Mirabeau
-A.T AUCTION.
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
February 25 and 26.
Commencing each day at 10 a. if., we will sell on
the premises,
Corner of Ellis and Leavenworth Sts.
■■- — THE
Magnificent Furniture, Carpets, Dining
I Boom and Kitchen Furniture of the
above Klcgantly Appointed Hotel,
Comprising the Furniture 'or 103
Rooms,
....CQMPBISIXO IX PART ■
25 Elegant* New Style Folding Beds, Oak and
. Cherry Bedroom Suits, Best Spring and Curled- •
Hair Mattresses. Live Geese Feather Pillows,
Mission Blankets and Bed Linen;
Fine Parlor Upholstery; Moquette and Body
Brussels Carpets: Lace Curtains.
Dining Tables; 150 Vienna Chairs: China and
Glass Ware; Table Linen. Etc., Etc. •
' NOTE— The above Furniture will first be offered ,
In one lot, and if a satisfactory bid is not obtained
it will be sold piece by piece. '
EDWAKD S. bPJEAR * CO., Auctioneers,
31 ana 33 Sutler street.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
A Decision Important to the
Ancient Order United
Workmen.
THE KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Increased Interest in the Degree of
Honci— District Meeting Y. M. I.
Daughters of Liberty.
Official Assessment Table.
Naiik.
"Z,
n
c ~
« •»
c o
; »
o
o
c
B —
2 =
II
\.<i. T. W 3-4 1 Feb. I! Feb. 28
.\V.(rel - f 50c Feb. 1 Feb. '28
Koval Arcanum 223! Feb. 1 Mar. 1
K.ot Honor 458-59-60 Jan. 20 Feb. 29
X ,v ].. ot li 433 Feb. 1 Feb. 29
..v l.of H 434-36 Mar. } Mar. 31
I'.oyiil Arcanum.. . 222 Feb. 1 Mar. 2
Jlau Fraser 231 J Feb. 1 -Mar. 2
The Masons.
On the evening of Friday, March ' 6, Yerba
Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 6 will meet for I
the purpose of installing its recently elected !
officers. -
The members of California Commandery, i
Knights Templar, will give an entertainment '
and ball during the month of April, and it is \
the intention to make the event one of the |
grandest ever* undertaken by this com
maniK-ry.
In the death of Mendel Esterg, who passed j
away last Friday, the order has lost a faithful J
and energetic member. He was past master of
Fidelity Lodge and one of the charter mem- j
bers, a member of San Francisco Chapter, R. |
A. M., and a member of the Grand Consistory j
of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Kite of
Freemasonry.
Order Eastern. Star.
Grand Patron M^rril! returned to this City last
week after an absence of a little more than four j
weeks in the southern part of the State, during
which time he visited all the chapters south of the
Tehachapi. and Instituted a number of new chap
ters. On his way home he .visited the chapters at
Bakersfield and Modesto. The result of his visit
down south has been 'he means pf increasing the
membership of the order in a marked degree, and
is prouf of what an active worker can do. .Next
week ihe grand patron will visit Merced. Madera
and Auburn.
Ivy Chapter cave a very successful enter
ment in upper Golden Gate Hall last Tuesday.
There was a large attendance at the party given
las! I hursday by Golden Gate Chapter, and the en
tertainment furnished enjoyment tor all.
Independent Order Odd Fellows.
The anniversary celebration by Columbia Lodge
of Alameda last Wednesday was an event that will
lone be remembered with pleasure by those who
attended. After the proceedings of the lodge
there was an open meeting to which the public was
Invited, and after an informal dance J. H. Apple
gate, chairman of the committee of arrangements,
invited those present to Fraternal Hal!, where a
banquet had been prepared. Addresses were made
by Pas: Grand Marshall of Ohio, Past Grand \V.
H. Ban Grand secretary shaw, Noble Grand
Men hens. Past Chief Weaver of Soisnn, Grand
Representative Downs and others. There were
also representatives from 1-a.r i iak and Alameda
Rebekah lodges, and Mrs. Bathblum, P. N. G., also
delivered an address on "Bachelor Odd Fellows,"
treating the subject In a manner that won her
much applause. There was some good vocal and
Instrumental mr.sic during the evening.
The eighteenth anniversary of Berkeley Lodge
last week was observed with much pomp. There
were pres-nt the Veteran Odd Fellows, K. 11.
Black president, Past Grand Marshall of Ohio,
Past Grand Plater of Ohio, Past Grand Harmon
and Fast Grands Hill. Burton, Barnes, Dryden,
B. rns and »."rowell. Deputy Jackson, Grand Secre
tary Shaw and many other prominent Odd Fel
lows. There were a number of visitors from Oak
land and Alameda. a history of the lodge was
given, and after a few short addresses there was a
collation and a number of toasts were offered and
responded to.
Apollo Lodge celebrated its thirtieth anniver
sary last Friday night in Odd Fellows' Hall,
and amoii" the features was a lecture illustrated
with stereopticon views by Dr. C. 11. L. Curtis.
Oriental Kebekah Lodae paid a visit to San
Francisco Lodge last Friday night.
(.r.i^.-; secretr-ry Shaw will be one of the grand
officers who wi.l attend the reception to be ten
dered to Grand Master Gosbey by the lodge of sun
Jose to-rnorro»v night.
'1 he Veteran < kid Fellows have received an invi
tation obethe guests of Oakland Lodge at the
second meeting to be held in April.
Star Encampment ol Kiverside at a recent meet-
Ing f< rred the degrees on five candidates. The
twin was followed by a meeting in the banquet
h.il .
Tlie Kebekah* of Fortana, liumboldt County,
pave an Old-fashioned spelling bee recently and
they had ■ splendid time.
Grand .-Secretary -haw has been notified that a
man giving the nan )e of George \V. Lloyd, and
claiming to be a member of Templar Lodge No.
204 of 1 exas, has been Imposing on the members
or the order in this Mate. The "grand secretary of
Texas, John a. Vance, who was secretary of Tem
plar Lodge So. :-!-JH. and not 204, in a letter to
♦ Jrand Secretary Shaw says that Lloyd neyer was
a member of Templar Lodge, and that sometime
aeo Lloyd wrote him a letter asking him if any in
quiries should be made by the California Lodges to
reply that be was a member in pood standing.
Fast rand Mas erO. F. Marshall of Cleveland,
Ohio, has been in this City for a ftw days enjoying
Hie courtesies of the Odd Fellows. He became a
member the order in 1843, and is a well-jcnown
writer and speaker.
Apollo Lodg celebrated its thirtieth anniversary
last Friday in < d I Fellows" Hall by holding ah
open meeting, many being present, one of the
ir-atures was a lecture Jon a tour through Europe
by br. C. 11. L. Curtis, illustrated with stereopti
con views.
9 — — — — — _
Ancient Order United Workmen.
After more than' fourteen years the Supreme
Lodge has won a victory in the state of lowa
which clearly establishes its standing in that
Mate. ■ It is a decision in its favor in what in fra
ternal circles has been known as the "lowa case."
In isSI the Supreme Lodge found it necessary to
levy an assf-ssmeni of twenty cents, and that as-
Eesament was designated a relief call. That call
was met by all the jurisdictions except lowa,
which through its grand officers refused to levy the
assessment on the members in that State, claiming
that the .Supreme Lodge m not authorized to
make the call. For their contumacy the grand
master workman, grand foreman and"grand over
seer were suspended by W. H. Baxter of Detroit,
Mich., then supreme master workman. This not
having the desired effect of making the rebellious
district comply with the orders of .the supreme
loly the grand jurisdiction of lowa suspended
:rom the order. Another grand lodge was estab
listed, with William K. Graham as «rand master
workman. Then followed the organization of new
loyal lodges, and at the same time the rebellious
individuals establish* d an opposition grand lodge
and assumed the name of the order as previous to
suspension. Then the two grand lodges became
known as the loyal and the disloyal, and the
latter instituted proceedings to oust tiie former on
tie ground that it was a trespasser and
weut so far as to assert that th« new
lodce has no right to he known as the Grand
LodKeoi Ancient United Workmen of jowa. .Dur-
Ing the. lengthy litigation that followed the disioyal
set up the claim that the A. O. U. \V. was riot
a fraternal organization In the true sense of that
word, but that it was simply a business associa
tion. I his was controverted, but Judge Ilusted of
the District vourt supported the arguments ad
t'h'T by the dlsl B a nd cave judgment against
The Supreme Lodge took an appeal to the Su
preme Court of the state, and that body has just
rendered a decision reversing th«« judgment of the
D.stnct Court .Thereby recognizing the claims of
1 '>;''■- Had the decision ot the lower court
been affirmed It would have resulted in driving
the loyal from the state and would have estab
lished a precedent thai would have been disas
trous to all fraternal beneficiary organization, for
l l niv >'o i 1 !?nr "-ablKhed the right of a subordinate
tody to Ignore the superior body from which all
1 -i-iblation emana es for the puruose of eoverninc
the members ot the order " (
thf^'ilv^-vf'r'' 1 ""' < - r * ntll 'O<lw to be held In
thisUtyin April next It Is expected that under
th« permissive legislation adopted at the Vast
session of the Supreme Lodge an effort will be
made to have a law passed termlttme tho 1..7.
anceof $1000 beneficiary certiflcwes 118 ibe imu -
r ßeports from Illinois jurisdiction, which irfone
rating finder the graded assessment plan as per
mitted by the Supreme Lodge, show substantial
pains during October, November, December and
January.
t Die lecture delivered last Tuesday before Unto
Lodge and its friends by rag: simreme Master
Workman William H. Jordan was a treat to the
large audience thai listened to It. The grand otn
c<ts were present and occupied seats on the plat
form. asi on but Interesting literary and musi
cal programme preceded the lecture, which was
••The Land of the Incas." It was delivered in a
manner that held the auditors from beginning to
«-nd, the lecturer taking an hour and a»quarterto
tell in a most enchanting manner what he had
gathered about the empire that was founded by
Bianco Capac 'I lie .lecture, which was loudly ap
lauded, was followed by dancing, and every bony
voted Unity's entertainment a great success, en
lertainill?, instructive and pleasing.
Spartan Lodge reports considerable increase in
interest since the new officers have taken charge,
and already several associations have taken place.
• i. rand Recorder Hirshberg delivered an inter
esting address last Thursday before the members
of Pacific Lodge. . ' ' : -.- . ■- •■- .-. -"v^
Magnolia Lodge has requested the, represent a
lives to the Grand Lodge to meet in its lodgeroom
on the evening of the IM of March for the purpose
of discussing matters that are to come up at the
next session of the <;rand Lodge.
Last Friday evening Grand Master Toohy visited
Occidental Lodge. ■
Degree of Honor, A. 0. U. W.
The second meeting of Silver Spray, the baby
. lodge of the Degree of Honor, held last Wednesday,
i in Western Hall, shiles' building, was largely at
■ te nded, atid a great deal of enthusiasm whs nsani
; fested. The organization was perfected and a Lum
ber of committees named for the carrying out of
lodge work. The lodge will meet on the second
j and fourth Wednesdays of each month. Two can
j didates weie initiated. The lodge elected Past
(hie: of Honor. Mrs. M. Pinkham delegate to the
I Grand Lodge that will meet in April.
The following named past chiefs of honor have
been elected as delegates to the Grand Lodge: Mrs.
Mary L. Hennessey from Lydia I'pehurch Lodge,
Mrs. .1. H. Mellette from Magnolia Lod&e. Mrs.
Emma Lane from Ansel City Lodge. Miss Grace
Walker from Lily if the Valley Lodge, Mrs. Mary
Randall -from Protection Lodge and Mrs. K. .M.
Crossman from No. 39.
Man; members of the Degree of Honor lodges
are taking a deep interest in the beneficiary leat
ure of tie order that guarantees $1000 protection
to members.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Grand Recorder F. C. Wallis, assisted by Graud
Assistant Councilor M. Boehm and Organizer S. C.
Hargreaves, instituted Ocean fiem Council No. 12
at Pescadero last Wednesday evening, with thirty
charter members. The following officers were
elected and installed : Past councilor, C. F Wil
son; councilor, K. Hoskins; vice-councilor, Julia
D. Wilson; instructor, D. E. Brlggs: secretary. C.
J. Conurn; treasurer. M. L. Wilson : prelate, Mrs.
I>. K. Brlggs; marshal, Minnie Hoskms; warden,
William Stewart; guard, F. L. Annas; sentry,
Mr-. Annie F. Maxey.
Saturday evening H. W. Huyon Council No. 10
consolidated with Sunset Council No. 26. The
name of the new council will be Sunset Council No.
10. the membership of which Is sixty. Deputy
District Grand Councilor Fred A. Taylor effected
the consolidation.
tirand Councilor T. H. Selvage has returned
from visiting councils at Sacramento, Woodland,
Dlxoo, Germanton and Kolsom. He would have
continued his visits further, but has been com
pelled to return to his home In Eureka on account
of Illness
Grand Recorder 8, C. Wallis has returned from
visiting councils iv Sacramento, Kolsom, l'lacer
virie and Georgetown,
Memorial Hail. I. O. O. F. building, has been se
cured for the purpose of holdiis; the thirteenth
session of the Grand Council, commencing April
14 Arrangements have been made with the
southern Pacific Company for reduced rates to
representatives and their families.
Social Council No. 46 will on Thursday evening,
the 12th of next month, give an entertainment a:id
social in Washington Hall. Red Men's building.
Post street. This is to be one of the open socials
given by this council on the evening of the second
Thursday of each month, and they are very inter
esting.
The Elks.
One of the very active members of the Pro
tective Benevolent Orderof Elks is D. J. Tobin. a
native son. He joined the order in Los Aneeles.
D. J. Totun.
[From a photograph.]
After the great boom in that city of the south, he
returned to this city and arliliated with GoUlh«
Gate Lodge. He lias taken an active part, and ns
he has tic-cumulated a fortune he intends to devote
a portion i if it to the erection of a home for the
aged members of the order.
United Ancient Order Druids.
The grand oflicers, accompanied by Past Noble
Grand Arch G. EL Buck and Past Supreme Arch
I- G. Bchord, paid an offieipl visit to Mayfieid
Grove a few evenings since. The visitors were re
ceived by a delesauon from the grove and were
escorted to the hall. Interesting speeches were
made by the visitors, and after the close of busi
ness those preseut partook of a first-class banquet,'
at which good cheer prevailed nntil a late hour.
The grove, under the management of its otTic-rs,
is developing considerable activity, nn<l on the oc
casion n\ the visit mentioned there uas one appli
cation f<>r membership and several for degrees on
the secretary's desk.
At a recent meeting Oakland Grove initiated
one candidate and received several applications.
Templar (irove ar its las', mesting initiated one
candidate atid conferred the second degree.
Golden Star Grove confened the initiatory de
gree on two candidates last week and received two
applications.
Reaper an tirove conferred the secoDd degree on |
several members la-it week.
Las; Friday Noble Grand Arch O. H. Hoag ac
companied t>y <;rand secretary Mollison and (irand
Marsh* I aiiL-e, paid a visit to the grovelin St.
Helena. During the visit one Candida- e was initi
ated and tin- second degree was conferred in ampli
fied form, the work being done by the officers of
the erove in a very creditable manner. The prove
wai» visited by the members of the WUllam Tell
Grove, whocame in a body. After adjournment
those present were invited to a banquet prepared
by the ladies of ('live Circle who had spared do
puins to entertain the members of the grove, the
visitors nnd the invited guests. In a few well
chosen remarks the grand marshal introduced H.j
A. Regan, toastmaster. The following toasts were '
responded lo: "Good of the Order," O. It. 110-,,-
N. <i. A.; "Condition of the Qrd«r<" J- J. Mollison'
(J. S. ; "The Ladies." A. Fomi. I). I). G. A.; "The
Press," L. Fairchild: "William Tell Grove," 1).
Bankaro, I. A.; "St. Helena, Its Love for Druid
ism," B. McKinder; "The Members' Duty to ihe
Grove," Dr. S. McCurdy; "The Memory of Our
Deceased Brother, J. H. Knarston." N. a". Mayer
"The Fraternal Orders of M. Helena," J. G. John- j
ston, and "The (irand Grove," G. A. Kpgan. Miss
E. Thoman favored the company with a song. The
singing o: the closing ode was followed by dancing
which was kept up until the break of dawn.
( n Saturday the grand officers visited Nupa
Drove. To-uight they will visit Pleasanton. to
morrow nitht they will be in Livermore, Wednes
day night they will be with slgcl Grove in this
City. .
The recent visit by O. 11. Hoag, N. G. a.; J. A.
Devoto, I). G. A.: J. J. Mo'.llson, G. s.- L Cluis
sagne, O. T.; J. M. Brand, G. O.; D. P. Brow,
grand sentinel; L. G. Schord, P. s. A., and H. A.'
Chas" and F. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. A., to Galileo
(irove was a very interesting one. There was a
larze membership present and in v visitors were
;r< ati-d to a pmciicai demonstration <>f tbe cere
mony of initiaUon performed in a rirst-eiass man
ner by G. MOSSO, acting noble arch. The noble
grand arch took occasion to compliment the grove
and its oflicers on the su<ces>furrnaiiner in which
It is working. At the close of grove business the
members and visitors went lo P.azzuro's restaurant
where covers for 100 had been laid. Every seat
was occupied and a joyful evening was spent.
(iolden (iate Circle was Instituted a few evenings
since with twenty-four charter members. The fol
lowing named were installed as officers by ( '. I.or
enzen. D. D. & A.: .1. A. Devoto, P. a. I).: Mrs.
Crawford, A. D. : Mrs. Zundell, 1". B.: Mrs. Kllich,
L. B. : I). Amonovieh, secretary; G w. Wolff,
treasurer; Nils Johnson, conductor, and Miss \V.
Waller. I. (J. Tins is the result of the energetic
work of Lister A. J oreiizen. Dancing and a colla
tion followed the installation.
Foresters of America.
The entertainment in Y. M. C. A. Hall In Oak
lann last Wednesday evening by Courts Oakland
and Shell Mound and United States of America
and Oakland Circles of the Companions of the
Forest was one of the great events in the city
across the bay, and it was enjoyed to the utmost
by all who attended. There was some good speak
ing, excellent music, vocal and instrumental, and
recitations. Grand Secretary C. H. Bremer was
master of ceremonies in the absence of the grand
chief ranger, and he perlormed the duties In a
masterly manner. The following is the programme
that was successfully carried out:
Overture by the Foresters' band; song by Miss
F. Wells; oration by C. P. Randon. P. G. C. R. ;
violin solo, "Rlue Bells of Scotland. " hj- Miss Rose
F. O'Brien; recitation by Kdward McManus; reci
tation by Miss Mabel Silverstein: piano solo by
Miss Ida Lawrence; address by Mrs. A. il. An
drews, g. C. C., of the Companions of the Forest;
recitation by Miss Lulu Davis: barytone solo!
"Anchored," by Thomas J. Allen: " recitation,'
"Schoolmaster's Deacon," by Miss Louise Hen
ning: mezzo-soprano solo. "For All Eternity," by
Miss Klvine Benson, assisted by R. H. Hawkes
wltn violin obligato: address by sol Peiser, G. R.
S. ; song by Nathaniel Pushie; address by Miss
Jennie H. Chase of Village Belle Circle: recitation.
"Nobody's Child." by Miss B. Jacobs; song and
dance by Miss Irena Mclntire; specialties by the
Lewin brothers; address by Judge W. A. l-.yan,
supreme representative; song and dance by Miss
Alder Casey: address by William Bartells," chair
man of joint committee; "Home, Sweet Home"
by the Foresters' band.
Last Monday .Grai.d Chief Ranger A. Orfila of
I.OS Angeles, who was In this City on business con
nected with the order, was tendered a reception in
the hall of Court Kclipse by Courts Kclipse,
Zenith, Independence. Kuelelan and Apollo. There
was an unusually large number of the prominent
members of the order present. Among those pres
ent were: C. H. Bremer, grand secretary; Sol
PHser, O. P.. S. : John Heeuan, li. J. \V\: E. L
Forster, G. J. B.; Fred Hensley, P. G. C. R.; John
Cordy, P. v. C. R.; Henry Ryan, P. G. C. R.; P.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
D. Fawcelt, P. Q. C. R. of the : State of Washing
; ton; supreme representatives William Alex
: Ryan of Los Angeles and George Healing of this
City.'
Daring the past week Courts Seal Rock and El
; Dorado entertained their friends.
On Thursday night Court Golden Era will re
ceive, and on Friday Court Golden Gate will do
i the honors. . . •
-. The following are the official visits for the week
| ending February '29: Monday, J. 8. W. Saunders.
. G. S. \V., will visit Court Garfield in Nevada City:
Tuesday. K. B. Vellage. G. S. C. X., will visit
i Court Buena Vista in Mission San Jose; ' Wednes
| day, R. H. Veilage, G. S. C. It., wilßPvisit Junior
Court Pride of California in this* City. John
j Heenan, G. J. W., will visit Court Golden State in
this City, and J. K. Anderson, G. T., will visit
Court Winters in Winters; Thursday, John
Heciian. G. J. W., will visit Court Sutro Heights
in this City.
.Mrs. A. B. Andrews, grand chief companion, ac
companied by other grand officers, will this even
; ing Officially visit United States of America Circle
j in Oakland; to-morrow evening they will visit
! Oakland Circle and Wednesday evening they will
! visit Yost-mite Circle in Fresno.-
Independent Order Foresters.
The members of Court Seal Rock^ave an enter
i tainment in their hall a few evenings since, which
! was attended by a number of the High Court
| officials. High Chief Ranger George A. McElfresh'
i delivered a short address, during which he ex
plained the objects and work-ings of the order. The
i address was followed by a dance and collation,
! during which short addresses were- made.
At a subsequent meeting the court passed a vote
•■ of thanks to all who assisted in making the enter-
I tainment a success.
Court Diana will meet every Thursday in Myrtle
I Hall, Alcazar building.
Native Sons of the Golden West. :
Pan Francisco parlor will give a grand entertain
ment in the new hall on Saturday evening next.
Columbia Parlor will hold an open meeting in the
banquet-hall of the new building on the evening of
Saturday next.
Grand Lecturer Clark visited Menlo Parlor last
Thursday and Mayiield Parlor on the 22d. He
will visit Observatory Parlor to-morrow, Palo Alto
Parlor on Thursday and Sonoma Parlor on the 2d
of March.
. Grand President Dunne, Vice-President Gesford
and Grand Secretary Lunstedt will visit Athens
Parlor in Oakland on the occasion oi its open
meeting to be held next month.
There was a grand lime at, thß meeting of Alca
tra/. Parlor held last Wednesday. Among the vs
! itors were the grand president, the grand secretary
: and Grand Trustees Long and Bylngton.
Grand Trustee Long paid a visit to Dixon Parlor
I last Tuesday.
The ball given by Stanford Parlor On Friday
. night was well attended, and an enjoyable time
was had by the participants.
There was a great deal of fun at the masquerade
! ball and domino party given lust Friday night by
j Mission Parlor, in Us hall at the Mission.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
At the session of the State Council to be held in
Oakland in the first week in March the State offi
cers will be elected. For the otnee of State coun
; cilor Henry C. Schaertzer, the incumbent, who
j has very ably and successfully conducted the
• affairs of the order during the year just expiring,
will not have any opposition to a re-election. It
was proposed to name a candidate against him,
but the party selected refused to run. For the
office of vice-councilor K. F. Howe, the Incum
bent, Is a candidate for re-election, and he has for
opponent William. N. Van de Mane of General
George A. Custer Council of Oakland. Then- Is
some talk of presenting the name of C. N. Wilson
of Union Council of Los Angeles for that office.
For national representative for the rive-year term
there are three candidates— S. J. Theißen of Starr
King Council. L. O. Jadkina of General George A.
( aster Council and D. S. Stanley of James Monroe
Council.
Deputy Wilson of Los Angeles is working hard
to organize a new council before the close of the
month.
Gateway Council of Newcastle celebrated Wash
ington's birthday in a patriotic manner last Satur
day In Odd Fellows' Hall.
Alexander Hamilton Council No. 35 will be in
stituted in shleis Hall next Thursday night by
State Councilor Scbaertxer. The State officers at
headquarters, "14 Pine street, have charge of all
the preliminary work.
A new paper. Our Country, to be issued monthly
and to be the official organ of the order, has made
its appearance. It is neatly printed and contains
much interesting matter.
Daughters of Liberty.
Martha Washington Council will celebrate its
first anniversary by a reunion on the 27th of March
either in Union-square Hall or the hall of the
Native Sons.
National Concilor W. X. Simon, accompanied by
National Secretary W. O. Staples will arrive in
this City on the Ist of June lor the purpose of in
stituting a State council. On the trip hence they
will visit Kentucky, Colorado, Kansas and Oregon
for the purpose of instituting a State council in
each estate.
Three councils are being organized in this Stat>s
one in Napa, another at Berkeley and the third In
Sacramento.
B'ne B'rith.
On the evening of the 4th Inst. Golden Gate
Lodge will hold memorial service out of respect to
I the memory of the late past president, Aaron Lip-
I man.
Next Thursday evening California Lodge will
I initiate rive candidates and it has extended an in
vitation to the members of the Grand Lodge to be
present.
The B. B. Hall committee met last Wednesday
and discussed plans tor the improvement of the
B. It. building.' One proposition presented was the
rearrangement ot the basement with a view to ac
commodate the B. It. free school. -
Young Men's Institute.
Grand Secretary Stanley will deliver an address
to the members of Washington Council on the
evening of Thursday, March 5.
St. Vincent Council of IVtiiluma reports great
activity and announces that it has a number of
| applications on tile.
L^o Council of Port Costa will hold an open
meeting on the Bth of March, on which occasion
the members will be. addressed by Grand Presi
dent Lynch and Vice-presidents Murasky and
Kierce.
A special meeting of the board of directors has
been called for March 2 for the purpose of discuss
ing matters connected with the Grand Council to
be held in Haywards.
J. T. Ryan, G. D., and John O'Donnell, G. T.,
recently visited St, Catherine Council at Martinez
and were received with high honors. After ad
journment of the council they were the guests of
| honor at a banquet.
j The ball given at Vallejo on the evening of Val
entine's day was a great event and was attended
I by many of the prominent people of that city
I Professor Contrato of the Independence band fur
nished the music for the evening.
Among those who will be present at the meeting
; of San Francisco, Ignatlan, Phil Sheridan and Bo?
I romean councils, to be held as the llrst of district
I meetings In the hall of Borromean Council on the
evening of the 4th of next month, will be Supreme
President McDade, Grand President Lynch, itev
Fattier Yorke, Rev. Father James McDonald"
Grand Secretary Stanley, Grand Directors K. J.
Gallagher and J. C. O'Dounell, Supreme Delegnte
Frank McGlynn and Thomas H. Gallon and John
Riley, who are prominent members of the order.
Knights of Pythias.
Last Wednesday was the thirty-second anni
versary of the founding of the Orderof the Knights
of Pythias by Justus 11. Rathbone in the city of
Washington, D.C The event was generally ob
served throughout this domain. This order now
occupies third place in the list of fraternal organi
zations and has a membership of more than half .a
million.
J^ast Tuesday evening Unity Lodge gave an in
vitation leapyear party which was well attended,
and a most pleasant evening was spent by all.
The following is a list of visitation by Grand
Chancellor Samuels during the week: Monday,
Santa Barbara and Castle Rock Lodge, which will
meet in joint convention at Santa Can ant: Tues- '
day. Seaside Lodge at Curpenleria; Hedne day,
Buena Lodge at Sau Buena Ventura; Thursday,
Guantlet, Sampson and Marathon lodges to meet
In joint convention at 108 North Spring street; Los
Angeies; Friday, Gardenia Lodge at Alhambra.
Syracuse Lodge conferred the third rank upon an
esquire last Wednesday in the most approved
style. At the conclusion o* the ceremony the
members and visitors enjoyed an old-time smoker
and a mess of boiled beans and hardtack in cele
bration of the anniversary of the order. Professor
A.John Wasch was there and entertained those
present with songs and humorous recitals.
Knights of Honor.
Last Monday Liberty Lodge initiated two candi
dates.
Grand Dictator Archibald and other grand offi
cers visited America Council last week.
To-morrow night Saxon Lodge will Initiate four
candidates, two \ for its own lodge and two for
America Lodge.
On Saturday the grand dictator will visit West
Side Lodge at Newman, Stanislaus County.
Last Tuesday Grand Dictator Archibald, Grand
Guide Leonard and others paid a visit to I?ealds
burg Lodge in -the -pretty town of .Healdsburg
After the business of the lodge was over the guests
were taken in charge— this being leap year— by
some of the prettiest belles of the town and con
ducted «o the banquet hall that bad been tastefully
decorated for the occasion/and there they were en
tertained in a manner that showed the ladies arc
adepts in that art. Besides the , honored guests
there were present th* members of the lodge and
others. ■ . ' : .
Last Thursday evening Keystone Lodge had a
gala nlnht, the occasion being the initiation of
twenty-three candidates.: There were more than
ISO members of the order present to welcome the
new brothers. The degree was conferred in a very
effective manner by the following named: Past
.Dictator Kent- White, Dictator Charles Holcftmb
Vice-Dictator Al Brown, Assistant Dictator John
Foley, Guide F.A.Jennings.
After the work was ovi r the entertainment com
mittee took charge, ; distributed small tables all
over the hull, us in progressive euchre, and parties
of four at each were treated to an excellent colla
tion. In the meantime there were speeches, vocal
and instrumental music, and recitations. ■ During
the evening Past Grand Dictator Joy on behalf of
the lodge presented to Messrs. Currier and Raabe
elegant badges in recognition of valuable 'services
rendered • the lodge. Among those present and
who assisted in the work of the evening were
Grand Dictator P. L. : Archibald, Grand Reporter
C. 11. M. Curry, (Jrand Guide Thomas Leonard and
District Deputies B. I. Solomon, R. A. Somer, A.
K. Kipps, L. Ballart and Thomas Jennings.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Two assessments have been levied for March,
Nos. l;u and 435.
The amount for one assessment is estimated at
$82,000. Last January there were 106 deaths in
the order, creating a liability of over $2l0.<)00, all
of which will be met by the usual prompt payment
of claims.
Miss Gertie Payne, Miss Marguerite McGlynn
and Mrs. K. C. Graham have been appointed a
committee by Yerba Buena Lodge to make ar
rangements for a 1 -ap-year party, to be given on
the evening of Wednesday, April 8.
J. P. Dockery, the milk inspector, who has done
much good worn of late in procuring pure milk for
the people of this City, is a past grand protector of
the Knights and Ladies of Honor.
There is considerable activity in Palmetto Lodge
of Alameda. The otlicers report the possibility at
an early day of adding a number of new members.
Grand secretary Carleton recently visited Ber
keley Lodge, and since then the members have
manifested renewed interest in the affairs of the
lodge and are taking steps to increase the member
ship.
Despite the fact that George J. Vincent of Pa
cific Lodge has been a sufferer for more ihau a year
from rheumatism, lie is one of the most acuve
workers in th.c order.
Royal Arcanum.
Argonaut Council of this City is actively en
gaged in perfecting plans for the creation of a
limited' reserve fund for the benefit of its mem
bers. Its operation will be entirely an issue per
sonal to the individual membershp of Argonaut,
it having no connection with the order at large.
The Royal Arcanum, it may be stated, is, as are
other prominent orders, still divided upon the
question of a general reserve. At present It re
mains committed to the non-reserve policy, on
which it baa done business since it began. Its as
sessments have never gone above Its in any one
year.
Visiting members and others of the order,
temporary residents of the City or vicinity, will
oblige the supreme regent and Argonaut Council
as well by sending their addresses to its secretary,
30 O'Fanvll street, where the council meets
every second and fourth Monday.
P. EL Charles W. Burnham of »9 Hoboken, N. J.,
passed on to Vallejo, where he is interested in
naval matters, state Medical Examiner William
Brice of Los Angeles may visit Argonaut Council.
Woodmen of ihe World.
A new camp of this order was formally Instituted
last Thursday evening at Native Sons Hall, Sev
enteenth street, pear Valencia, (irand sovereign
Head Escort E. F. Mecklln of Washington ottlci- I
ated, assisted by Past Head Consul M. T. Moses !
and District l)eput> M. H. Wilkens.
Large delegations were present from local camps,
and together with the otlicers named a most suc
cessful inauguration of Mission Camp was effected.
Following are the new camp otlieers: Consul-com
mander. O. F. Olson; advisor-lieutenant, R. M.
Corliss; clerk, E. M. Frank; banker, A. A. Durau;
escort, J.A. lechelhorn: watchman, C. J. Peler
son; sentry, C. H. Matson; physician, Dr. K. W.
Thomas.
Tbe charter list, on which tire now enrolled some i
forty members, will remain open a month. Tt has I
been decided to meet on the first ana third Thurs
days.
An Important Decision.
The following decision recently rendered by the
judge of the Jefferson Circuit Court, Common
Pleas Division of Kentucky^ in tbe case of Jacob
Black et al. against the Supreme Council of the
Chosen Friends is of the greatest interest to ail
fraternal organizations:
In the original petition the court is asked to ap
point a receiver to take charge of the property and
effects of the defendant, because, as ll is alleged,
it has been discovered that insurance has been fur
nished by the defendant for a smaller premium or
assessment than was prat tlcable. and that It has
changed its meth >d or plan of insurance in this !
respect by a regularly adopted by-law which will
make it practicable lor it to continue to furnish in
surance io it s members, but not to the amount
plaintiffs expected when they became members
of the order. It will be observed from the policies !
or certiiicates filed by plaintiffs that defendant
never under ook to pay any specific amount, but
only an amount not exceeding 93ooo.
Plaintiffs doubtless knew when they became
members of the order that the specific amount to
be paid upon their certiiicates was whatever sum,
not exceeding jfnouo, an aeseesment duly made |
upon the membership would produce, and plain
tiffs were informed by the articles of association,
which constituted defendant's charter, that it hail
ihe right to change its plan of insurance or any of
its methods Of doing business whenever in" the
opinion of the proper governing body it became !
necessary to do so. The petition in this case !
demonstrates the wisdom and necessity lor the j
change that was made, lathe nmen.W petition, i
Bled I ember 21, it is alleged that the defendant
is insolvent, but it is nowhere alleged that Its |
proper officers have failed to cause assessments to |
be made as required by Its laws and by the con- |
tract contained in ihe certificate! nor is it inti- }
mated thut proper assessments duly made bpon
the membership would not yield means sufficient |
to meet all matured obligations of the order.
No beneficiary of a matured certificate is com- I
plaining in this aciion. Of course no change '
could legally be mad-? in the defendant's plan of !
insurance by which a certificate that matured be- I
fore the change could be paid in a smallersum than
the beneticiary wius cir.ltled to at the time it ma- |
tured. But no quest, on of that kind is involved I
here. The plaintiffs rej resent only current certi
ficates. A mutual order of thH character repre
sented is not insolvent merely because it lias not
money or property In the hands of its otlicers suf- |
Sclent to discharge its matured liabilities, it lg
not contemplated, nor is it generally desirable by
the membership that It shall have such sums lii
the treasury, it is ouiy when the proper assess- j
ments, made in accordance with its laws, fail to pro- I
duce ii sum sutlicient lo discharge its matured con- j
tract liabilities to beneficiaries of its certiiicates
that such an order can be sa:d to be insolvent as to
its certificate or policy holders
There is no allegation or complaint that any offl-
Cer of tbe order has been guilty of a dereliction,
nor that its funds have not been honestly applied
to ihe purpose of its organization.
These mutual benefit sodeVes and orders fur- I
nish insurance to thousands of people who without !
th. -in would be compelled to go without insurance. |
and many homes are saved and families kept to- I
getberb} the money distributed each year to the ;
beneficiaries ol heir certificates, and' as long as
such an order is hono-tly COndUCKd and iailhtully
redeems Its certificates) with money raised by as
sessmentsfor that purpose courts should refuse to
destroy its usefulness l-y usurping the functions of !
Its oflicers as is asked in this case with re( eiver.
The demurrer to the petition aa amended will
have to bo sustained.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
Edward Maxim, Detroit John Sivlsher, Seattle
T S Beal Jr. Chicago F Adams, Oakland
J F fiiillngher, Lynn A Bvison, St Helena
U Illgnini. A r«i'l Jsid G C Corner, Elmira
John Brady. New \ ork 8 Kritz, Paris
Chas J F Mead. Antioch E I, Hall, Victoria
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P 0 Neii, Vallejo T V Corcoran, Vallejo
B Fantield, Alameda G P Lowrie, Centerville
J llarmer, Vallejo (i A Reed, f?an Jose
J J Petisttr. nisann C P Jaener, San Jose
J (• Martin, Vallejo F R Devlin. Vallejo
OH B Blose, Stockton J Ross. San Jose
E C Kab ii, Livermorc W P Gilbert, Modesto
J Wolfroin, i uiare S 1 Sacus, N V
R B \\ illiams, Pu (i W Anthony, I'ortland
J i; Fengers, < a] M A HuxheH, Chicago
S A Jlorlinan, San Jose W 0 Raima, Chicago
F J Allen. N'ullpjo Miss Porter, Santa Cruz
Miss Haxlann, sta Cruz o 11 Fisher, Santa Cruz
T Khret, Mont O D Sloesser, Watsonvlle
B Weil ft «:, Modesto
LX X HOUSE.
W Hosenberr, New York X Wilson, San Jose
CaptßobiiiHOn.s Reliance J R Richards, San Jose
C W ilamin&w.Anlioch D Brown, Petaluma
J X Lucas, >an Raiael M Nickel.sburg, Cal
G V Gottschallf, Cal . J Cevy, Lower Lake
M .1 ilalier, >au Jose O W sirohl, Napa
Maj ,N L Diew, Sacto J A Webster, Vacaville
J I Brittan, Williams L M DeWitt, Washington
Robert. Devlin, Sacto E J Devlin. (SactO
Mrs C C Crane <fc eh, Cal R 11 Beanier, Woodland
S lieclit, New York M J White, Los Angeles
F Bartlett, San Jose D J Cacaon, San Jose
J. J. Dickey, .^>an Rafael FMcKee, Stockton
T J Black, Plymouth R Kohinsou, Oakland
i' ALACK HOTEL.
G T Beyer, Ohio N Moss, Pa
IS T iiowe <t w, N V Mrs C \\ Leach, Oakland
A T Fletcher «te w, Cal it L Davis &w, Sacto
« Qreen, Sacramento a j McLeod «k w. Cal
Mrs I) B Hobinson, 111 H M Robinson, Chicago
J Watson & w, Chicago F Oornsieson, Chicago
J Hudson tt w. Boston J Curll »t w, N V
W Lew it w. Chicago H H Lewis, Denver
J A Marsh, N V W McCoull, N V
J Webatex & w, N V T li Craig, N V
1 N l'eyton, Spokane H .>hiells & w, Chicago
Dr X l.'rooks, Cal Miss E Crooks, Cal
l)r A M Warburg, Cal a J Mundy <k w, Boston
C it Duval <t valet. N V H Holden, England
Rde Benoist, France C Pond <fe w, Colo
C W Husk, Victoria Miss r Alnsworth. BC
Mrs J L llamburijer, 111 E W Sumuer, Minn
A C snmer, N V N Moral it w, .-alvador
G Botja <t w, Salvador H B Stowell, Boston
A H Maftce, Los Ang Q W Lynch, San Diego
A J Harreti, Visalia C Meyer, jN V'
J E Terry, Sacramento
GRAND HOTEL.
B F Hastley, Auburn O L James, Chicago
C|A Wakeiield, Oroville F A Boole, Red Bluff
O Young, (irand Tower Mrs D W Waller, Kg Cty
(J X smith, Ogden J Smith, Montreal
F ii Berry, Fresno J T Perry, Petaluma
1' W Breen, Hollister KSwanberg, stmrGedney
J A Keyes, Suisun H J M Buckingham, Bstn
O V Woodward, Staten I J Lostig. Tulare
Mrs M Anderson, Peilm E H dv Fault, Pasoßobls
U A Long, billows W Peterson, Santa Rosa
J C Coulson, Trinidad J J Smith, Stockton
G O Peet, N V W X Clark, Cleveland
E W Johns, Cleveland H C Johns, Cleveland
M Danziger, Ls Angeles C Zuck, Plymouth
Mrs Hi Reinig, Lewis.la F \V Reinig, Campbell
L H GrifHths, Guatemala J H Cowles, N V
J H Ladd. N V SB Wright, N V
A D Allan <fe w, Nev Cty P C Mooi, Stockton
A M Cogswell, Jacksonvl V Cogswell, Lodi
Dr S W Williams, Trays J M Eddy, fcureka
G E Kane, Boston P Sweed, Petaluma
P H Morse. S L obispo F Erickson, S L obispo
Mrs A J Regau. S L O P F Gosbey, San Jose
P U John- on, Sacramnto F J Yost. Stockton
H H Seaton dt sn. ArbKl E J Brisco Jr. San Jose
D Rosenberg. L'ltlah
The courts of Missouri decide that a
teacher lias control over a child from the
time it leaves a parent to the time of its
returning, including the time to and from
school.
THE CALL CALKNDAB.
February, 1896.
M.
\V.
Moon's Phases.
1
Quart)
February
—
2'
■4
8
15
<^3\ New Moon.
j3
10
11
12
17
18
19
\f^\ First Qua
I V>VFebruary
' Full Moi
v^ February
24
26 I
... * : explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
winfLi^? m U cll "i riieilth . it, if an y« the amount of
°*"*' melted snow in inches and hundredths,
di.nnjf the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air Pressure; Iso
-1« <T i OI Lm ottea llnps - o< l ual temperature. The
iv„., i. g " leans dl >? n barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and ruins. "Lows"
usually , first appear on the Washington coast.
Vi hen the pressure Is high in the interior and low
Hom'h C °'lt tiandthelsobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain Is probable; but when
the -low is fnclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture ruin south of Oregon is improbable. With a
high .in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
an r oppo. e ite e re r urt. 0 ' th6Se COndltiona wiu P roduc «
WEATHER BUREAU' KEPOET,
Unitkd Statks Dkpaktmknt of Agricuit
tirk, Wkather Bureau, Has Francisco, Feb
ruary 23, 1896. 5 p. M.-Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 24.73, last season 32.31 ; Bed Bluff
13.67, last season 25.13; San Francisco 1*2.43, last
season 21.97: Fresno 4.09, last season 11,18: San
Luis Oblspo 12. aS, last season 2*2.45 ; LOB Angeles
6.91, lust season .11.67; Sail Dic o 2.82, last season
10.16; Yiima .46. last season 2.99.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California today: Eureka
62, Fresno 76, Los Angelei HO, Ked Bluff 68. inde
pend- nee — , san Diogo 68, SaD Francisco 69, San
Luis Obispo 80, Yumu Hv.-.
Sim Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 44. mean 56. There was no rainfall
during the past 24 hours.
The pressure is the highest this evening over
Southern Idaho and Utah, and lowest In Arizona
and along the Washington coast. Fair warm
weather continues south of Oregon, but light rains
have occurred in Western Oregon and Washington.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 24. 1896.
Northern California— Fair, except partly cloudy
along the northern coast Monday; light "variable
winds, probably becoming northwesterly along the
coast. . . .
southern California-Fair Monday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada, I'tah and Arizona— Fnir Monday.
>-an Francisco and vicinity — Fall Monday; px-
Cept partly cloudy Monday morning; fresh "gener
ally westerly winds.
v ■ H. llammox. Forecast Official.
OCKA.N STKA.UKU.-i.
I I>at<>* of Departure 1 rom San 'rtnriarn.
BTEAMKR. | VATIUX | aAIOS. I PUR.
Wai la Walls i Vie * Pgt Snd Feb ?4. 9am | Pier 9
*>'. *'» l " Newoort Feb2s. 9am Pierll
v\ illamt VnJ Mexico |F"eb'2!S.lOAM Pier 11
City Peking. China Japan Feb 2s. 3pm P M 88
4-ra«o loot nay Feb2s,loAii Pier 13
F«ralioa.... \ aautna liny.. i>b 'J5. 6pv Pier -2
Ho "BBr Coos Hay Keb'2s. 6r»i Oceanic
iiinpire foreland: Feb 26, si-m Pier 13
Weeott Kel Hiver Feb 26. 9am Pier 13
Coronn. San Diesro . Fpb'27.llAM Pier 11
Columbia.,.. Portland Feb2H.I(UM Pier 24
Han Jose Panama Feb 28,12 ii p MBS
Eureka New Dor: Feb 29. Hah Pier 11
Umatllla.... ' Vie A I'm Una Kf bap. 9am Pier &
A UliiriOiar-i Portlanrl Mc-li 2. . ft^r 1 3
STKAMKIiS TO AIWiIVK.
MXX {
' '.'1 111 111** ...... ■
liorper i
Farallon I
/Truckee :
South Coast...;.
Beigtc
Corona
Umatllla j
Queen !
Crescent City..".
Wellington '
Kureka I
Alice iilancbarcl
Point Lama. \
C010n............ ;
San la Kosa. i
State of Cat..... '■
City of I'ueDia. .
Del None I
Doric
! Portland
Coos HIV
Yamuna Bay
Tlllamook
Portland : j
China and Japan ; ;
San Diego. I
: Victoria* I'ueet Sound
! Portland ]
Crescent City-
j Departure Bay
Newport ; j
I'ortlana ;
I Drays Harbor
Panama.............
i »an Dieeo..
1 Portland....
! Victoria & I'uge'. Sound
'liravs Harbor
Liverpool !
..Ken '24
..Feb '24
..J-'eb 24
■ ..Keb 24
!..Keb 21
j . . I"eb 26
i ..FeD 2.">
! ..Feb 'J8
i ..Feb 25
..Feb 26
..Feb '-'7
| ..Feb 27
..Feb 27
..FeD 29
..Feb 29
..Feb 29
. Men 1
..Men 1
..Mrh 1
[..Men 1
SUN, MOON AND T1I)K.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Si-rvky Tidk"»
TtCI.I.KTIN FIIBLIHHED BY OFFICIAL > .
Authority OF TIIK SUPER[NIKVnRVT. I .
Monday, Feb. 24. [ Monday, ieb. 24.
Sunrises... 6.49. Sun seis 5.59
!lL W|
H VV| |L W
|H W
24 1.01 3.0 7.15 6.2 2.487-6.91 10.17 1 3.9
25 2.151 2.7 8.20 5.4. 3.35 -1.2 10.50 4.2
2b; 3.17; 2.5 1 9.20 6.5 4.17-1.2 11.19 4 4
27 4.11 2.0 10.17 5.6 4.58 -1.1 11.48 4.7
28 6.00 1.4 11.08 6.5 5.42 -0.8 !
.ml H-W Feet L w Feet H.W Feet L wiFeet
29 0.16; 4.0 6.50 0.9 12.01 6.3 6.28 -0 4
M I
1 0.45 51 6.41 0.5 12.54 4.9 702 0.2
2 1.17 6.0 7.30 0.2 1.54 4.6 7.40 0.8
.1,
JNOTK- In the above exposition of the tides th*
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
Hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Const Survey
tlxlli' i x ??u t when a minus 8l <? n (-) precedes the
?rn. ■K R .!' n the number Riven is attractive
from the depth given by lie c-h»rs
SHiPllvo LMELLIGIiNCK.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. February 23.
StmrSan Jose, Mortcnson,23riaysfroru Panama
etc: pass and mdse, to 1" M s S Co.
Stmr Columbia, Holies, B3 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 43 hours: produce, to()R4 N Co
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen. 46 hours from San
Pedro: ballast, to Cn.spar Lumber Co.
Stmr (iipsy, Lelnnd. 12 hours from Santa Cruz
produce, to Good all, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Sunol, Walvlff, 4H hours from San Pedro;
ballasi to L E While Lumber Co.
Stmr Protection. Kllefscn. ]8 hours from Fort
■Bragg; 280 M ft lumber, to Union Lumber Co
Stmr Navarro, Hardwick, 40 hours from Ven
tura; produce, to Bray <fe Mitchell.
Stmr 8t Paul, Dublin, 70 hours fm Nfcwport. etc
pass and mdse. to (ioodall. Perkins it Co.
■Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 14 hours from Fort Braee
pass and mdse. to J s Kimball.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 18 hours from Cleone
posts and piles, to L E White Lumber Co
stmr North Fork, Hansen, 26 hours' from Eu
reka; puss and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
stmr Alcazar, Gundrrson, 44 hours from New
port ; ballast, to L X White Lumber Co.
Simr National City. Andresen, 25 hours from
Eureka, bound for southern ports; put in to land
passengers.
fichr Maria E Smith. Rosendall. 19 days from
lacoma, via Clallam Bay 13 days; lumber and
laths, to Hanson A Co.
Schr Wm F Witzemnn, Olsen, 23 hours from San
Marcos Island ; 600 tons gypsum, to Lucas &Co
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours frm Bodega- 60
b.xs butter, to Koss <fc Hewlett.
Sailed.
SUNDAY. February 23.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San £>lego, etc.
Stmr (Jt'O Loomis, Brldgett, Veutura.
StmrCleono, Hisslns.
i'omona. Doran, Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr National City. Anaresen.
Ship Elwell, Kyder, Nanaimo.
Bktn Quickstep, Hansen, San Jose de Guatemala.
TeJearranliic.
POINT LOBOS— February 23-10 pm— Weather
hazy: wind N\V; velocity 4 miles.
Spoken.
Per Wm F Wlt»man— Kt-b 16. lat 3B 34 X. long
129 30 U", schr J N Irigalls, from San Marcos is
land for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— Arrived Keh 20-Schr John A. hence
Fob 14; schr J O Wall, lui'c l'..|, 9 : stmr Nationnl
City, hence Feb 1»: schr Klvenia. hence Feb 11 :
sc I) r Sparrow, hence Feb IS. Feb 21— Schr For
! tuna, hence Feb I^. Feb 28— stmr Excelsior,
! hence Feo 22; schr Alice, from san Pedio; schr
j Elnorah, from San Pedro; schr Mabel Oray, lroiu
j San Diego.
Sailed Fpb 20— Schr Mary E Kuss, for San Fran
cisco. Feb 23— Schr Jennie Thelin, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived Feb 23-Seiir Okano
gan, hence Feb 15.
COOS KAY-Sailed Feb 22-Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco.
TATOOSH-Passed Feb 33— Bark Kate Daven
port, from Port Blalceley for s : ni Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Queen, for San
Fran. isoo.
POINT REYES- Passed Feb 23-Haw stmr San
j ilnteo. from Coino.x for Port Los Angeles.
POItT Los AN'fiELKS-Salled Feb
Mineolu. for Comox.
BOWKXS LANDING— Sailed Feb 23-Schr Mon
terey, for San Francisco.
FORT BKACiU- Arrived Feh23-StmrWestport,
hence Feb 22.
importation*.
EL'REKA-Ptr North Fork— l7s M ft lumber, 6
sks glue. 160 M shiikps. 1914 M shinsrles.
FORT UKAGG -Per Noyo- 16,010 it lumber. 2
bxs fish. 2 pkgs mdse, 8348 ties.
VENTURA— Per Navarro-2022 sks beans, 2632
sks corn.
MOSS LANDING-Per Glpsy-2 bxs butter, 28
sks beans, 314 sks oats.
Jilanco— l cs eggs.
Watsouvllle— 4 sks beet sugar.
Moro Cajo— 274B sks barley, 161 sks beans.
Santa Cruz— .SO rolls leather, 575 bbis lime.
l'ieteon Point— l 3 bxs butter, 53 bxs 25 drms
cheese, 25 bxs apples.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA-Per Columbia—
34. 19H ft lumber. 157 bdls shooks, 2407 sks flour,
3826 sks oats. 2 cars box shookn. 159H bdls paper,
53-i sks potatoes. :i6O sks fertilizer, 171 sks bones,
1600 sks br.vn. 1300 sks shorts, 955 sks middlings,
138 sks rubber.
PORT HAKKOHD-Per st Panl-11 bxs fish.
Monterey— 33 bxs apples, 14 bxs pears, 38 sks
seaweed.
Newport — 117 bxs oranges, 38 bxs lemons, 1135
sks corn, "5 cs p«xs.
Gaviotn— 3 b.xs butter, 3cs e?;i;s, 2 bdls pelts, 45
sks crawfish.
S:in I.ui3 Obispo— l3 bxs butter, 14 cs eggs, 2 eps
turkeys.
Kast San Pedro — 5 cs nab.
Los Angeles, via San Pedro— 2 sks beeswax, Isk
coffee.
Cayucos— 2B bdls hides, 79 bxs butter, 7cs eggs,
1 coop chickens. 1 bx fl sh. 34 dressed calves,
Carpentaria— 4 sks crawfish.
Los Angeles, via Kast San Pedro— 64 bdls hides.
San Simeon— M tubs 56 bxs butter. 7cs ey^s, 'J37
sks beans. 65 bdls hides, 1 bx Bah, 31 dre.s-sed
calves.
San Pedro— 3oo bxs oranges, 12 hxs lemons, 100
sks barley, 1 ox picrarea, 1 bx G ware.
Suntu Barbara- 90 bxs lemons. 11 bxs orantres, 2
Pkts samples. 6 bxs telephone supples, 9 bhismin
neral water.
Ventura— 4 pkes mdse, 4*29 bxs orances, 11 bxs
paints, 2 bxs rollers. 1 sk beans, 25 bxs eggs, 1 bx
Clothing, 3 bxs beer.
Per North Fork— Ca! (Jliie Works; Chas Nelson.
I'er Noyo— Milani A Co; Union Lumber Co; JD
Kbe; F Alberiz.
Per Navarro— Balfour, Gatbrie A Co; II Dutard;
J X Armsby A Co: Jonas Krlanycr A Co; S P
Milling Co.
Per (linsy— llpnuan .loosf : II Dutard: EII Shel
don; Norton. Teller A Co; L a Sresovicb A Co: H
Cowell; Kron Tanning Co: Dairymen's Union: Buf
falo Brewery: (ietr. Bros it Co: Tlllmann it Bendel:
i) Ii Smith .t Co; Wheaton. Breon it Co; Braticr &
Orassiiofl'; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Haas Bros; Mc-
Donnell it Johnston.
Per Columbia— Clatsop Mill Co: Allen* Lewis:
Thomiis Loqgbran; C.I Lelst *Co; Ii Innani: An
spactier itros: Moore, Ferguson .to: < o: J P Thomas;
FHlUena&Co: E X Stevens A Co; San Prancisco
Furniture Co ; Thomas ,v Kahn; Willamette Pnlp iV
Paper Co; White Bros; Western Roll Paper Co: J
A Lacy: Bray son* Co: (Jeo Morrow it Co; Pacific
Fir Lumber Co: N Oiilandt <t Co; Cal FertUlaerCo;
A il Henry & Co; Boston Rubber Co.
Per St Paul — Wie:>nd BrewlOß Co: R W Matson
<ftCo: CCarpy.&Co; Moore it Hunt; Boscombes
& Isaacs: c E Whii ney A Cos •' P Tnonwia; Jom-s
<fe Co; Wheat on, Ilreon it Co: <; 1) Graham; (.'al
Paint Co; W H uoren; CA Parkin: J id (doore;
Kveleth A Nash: Dal ion Bros: Wilson it Baecbtet;
ii It Starr: Immei A Co; J Demartlnl; Wood. Cur
tis A Co; Brown Bros & Co: Oordan it (o: Buffalo
Brewery: American Union Fish Co; APaladlnl:
Frederlcksburg Brewery: National Brewery: Snn
set Tel it Teij? Co: J Ivancovlch it (o; Frant I or
aelasen; A Levy it < o; i) Hlrschler; L Spiegel
<t Co; M Kirschhaum: Norton Tanning Co; till &
Nev creamery <o; Brisrham. Hoppe A Co; Green
banm A ro: Marshall, Teggarl it < o: Jacob sunn ;
Dairymen's Union; Hills Bros: H timer, BredhoffA
Scbuls; A (ierlierdinc it Co; II Kirchman ; Sattler
& Co: O B Smith .t Co: H N TUden & Co; V l>
Vlrglllo; C E Whltnev A Co: II Waldecß; Wfst> m
Meat < v; standard Oil Co: Btaainger<S Co; (btcago
Brewery; Dodge, Sweeney it Co: Kowalsky <fc Co-
M T Frritas it Co; Getz Bros A Co: J H Schweitzer
dfcCo; Df Bernard i,t <o: A Wyss: I'liusmani;
Pioneer Fish Co; (.olden W< s^ Kisii Co: Labor Kx
cbange; witzei A Baker; Hoffman <ft Alexander;
II HcikmanA Co; Kohler it Frohlins; : F B ll:n«lu :
Wet more Bros: Caniporionfco <& Malcolm: Gray 4
Bstrbterl; McDonough <!c Runyon ; l><-tning-i'alnicr
Milling Co.
FdT LOU Shippina Infrlliynrr Bet Thirteenth Pane.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
CUT RATES
— .—TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 83.00
Becond Class .^BOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.,
General Agents.
O. I=B.. _c*3 IST.
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INC'UD'O,
For reservations call ' at- 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails ...February 18 and 28
State of California sails. .February 'J3 and March -1
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier V! 4) at 10 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A£O
Broadway wliarf, San Francisco, as -Kffi3&£
follows: ~~
For Mary Island, l^orlnir, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at V a. m., Fen. 14, 9,
March 15. 30. . ..' -
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and N'»-v
Whatcom (BellinKham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Feb. 4, 9, 14, 19, 24. i 9. and every fifth
day [hereafter, connect at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R., at Tacotaa with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with U. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arrata and Fields Landln; (Hum-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. m., F-b. 3. 7, 11, 15,
19. 23, 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon, cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, Sun Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Feb.
1, 5. 9, 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo>, Santa Barbara, Port Lo»
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., Feb. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 28, 27, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For F.nseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par, Altata and i; nay mat (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 26th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet. .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen!l Amenta.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TKASNATLAST IQUE
'■'.'.-' • French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'>PIKR(NK\VK42 NORTH jßt*pk
\J River, foot of Morton ,st. Travelers by &£fflj/>
this line avoid both transit oy English railway a. id
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $116.
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
• — '.....'. : Feb. 29, 1 p. m
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10ncie........ ......
.".». Marc h 7, 6a, m
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon.... ."
— March 14, ib a. m
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe...............;...
♦•- March 21, 5 a. m
KS~ For further particulars apply to
: A.FOKGET, Agent,
No 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At 5 P. Xi liail.v, Kxcept Sunday.
ttST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
sti.ajii;i; :
T. C. Walker. ; J. P. Peters,
Mary Garratt. City of Stoektoo,
Telephone Main 805. C,u. Nav.'ond Impt. Co.
VALLEJO, MARE ISLIVD.*KE.\im, PORT
COSTA < ROl'RiriT.
STli. ;-MONTICKLIOi I. -I
Daily, except baturduy and Sunday— lo:3o a. m.
and 4 P. St. : Saturday, 12:30 noon;
■ Sunday— B r. v. v
•4 F. m. only. '.
Lauding, Mission 1, Pier i. :*c : ",
■ ocr ait steamships:
■OCEAnC STEAMSHIP COMP.4H.
Cool^ardie gold fields
\^^*^*^fet (Krecmantle), Austra-
• J&r-frLi* ®V Ha; Vl'iu firsi class;
jffijfor" HOM^iilU' fi'i'' steerage. Lowes:
jtftffO^pgiUtg/QLU 1 ' rates 10 . Capetown,
VJSir B'^'8 '^' land, Thursday, March
TW^^^ H -^^^^ /M& Steamship Australia,
T&S&^**JVZ?/~A/8& Honolulu only, at 10
&s^^J£jgip day, -March 10, at 10
Special PAKTiES.-Reduced rates for parties
March 10 «° d e^ c ;: 114 Montßomery street.
■■ i"°.'ht Office, 837 Market street.
J.^l-&KCKEI^* c B.«O sea5 ca, ntaj
ROYAL MAIL sTEAOAdiT COMPACT.
OTEAMEKS LEAVE;; ASPINWALL
fortnightly for the route at an rjour^n,
Southampton, callinu' en route at Cerbourgn.
France, and Plymontli to land passen?ers.
Throiich hills of lading, In connection with _ th«
Pacific Mail S. s. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to I lyinoucn.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First cluss, »195: thifj
Urn, 867 50. For further particulars- apply to
VARKOTT & CO., Agents,
. 306 California St.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
«oithbr\ rvtnir coanPAVY.
fcyjX.'i; (PACIFIC bVSTEM.^ Q
Trxlni leave mill ill ilup to nirUr ■•
NAN *lt.\.N< IS* O.
LKAVK — _Fl:i)M NOVEMEEB 20. 1395. — » AP.niva
~ O:3Oa Haywards. Miles and Way Stations.. 10: 1
7:OOa Atlatitio l"ipro?s, Ugden and l):ist.. 8:4.1»
7iUoa Benicia, Vficaville. Kuir.gey. Sacra-
tno::to, and Bodding via Uavij 7jl3f
7:30 a Martinez, Bon Ramon, Xapa. Calls*
toga and Santa BoM 6:15f
»:3«ANii.:, Kan .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysriilc. Ucd Uliiff
and Sundays oxeepted Oro»illo.... 4:ISf
•8:30 a V t'TS and Milton *7:13p
BH>Oa sin Leantlro, Uayrrords & Way St'ns 1 1:13 a
o:<h>a Los An^elts Kxprcss, Raymond,
* ; ; • (for Yosemitt). Santa llarbara
an.l 1.0.i Anccles 4:43*
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:4.1*.
10:00 a San Lcamlro, Ilaywcrdß and Nilcs . 1:45p
I2tOOM Snn Leandro, Ilajw«ird»i Way St'ns li-.lit
•. l:o(>pNiles, San Joso and Livermore W:4S.
. »1:O©F Sacramento River Ktenm.-rs 'b:(iOf
fl::i<<p Port Costa and Way Stations t~:-15 p
Sa-.i I.canriro. Jlayv.-ardsi; Way St'ns S:-S3p
4aOOp San Lcandro, Haywards & Way Rfns C:43f
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon, Vallcjo,
Napa. Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa I'.osa »i I**
*i%%» Bcnleia. Esparto, Woodland, • "
'..-.■-■.- ■ Knights Lauding, MarjEville,
Orovillo and Sacramento l»:4»«
. 4iBop Nilcs. -San Jon;, LiTermore and
Stockton. 7tlsr
»:00p SanLswdro, Haywarda&WsySfns (t:45»
Bi3Or New (Orleans l>picr.!:,J rt'sno.liakcrs-
Held, Santa ISurljftra.l.os Angeles,
. Dcmir.g, Ell'aso, New Orleans and
East l«i«i
3:80p .Santa I'u UoQte, Atlantic Kxi>reBn
for Mojavo au-l Last 10:43*
6:0« l' Mail, Ogilen p.ed 10a5t.... 9:45*.
6:UOt> Harwatda, Nil.-tun-l San Jose 7:13*
17:O<>1- Vallejo -t7:*3F
7:001' Oregon Hx press, Sacramento, Marys-
villc, ICuddiug, Portland, l'ligft
Sound and Kast 10:43*
7:00p SauLeandro. Haywardsfc Way St us lO:."iOF
9:OOp SanLedudro,llaywardE&WayKtrs <tl2:»»A
fl»t»ftp "Sunset limited," Fresno. Los
Angeles, El i"«so, New Orleans
and Ea.< t f nn43»
tflltlg; 6a:-. Leandro & Bfia 7:13*
SANTA <lU"Z DIVISION (N'nrrorr Can^e).
»:ir>A jf ewnr | e i,tervillc,Kiiii.h»o,Fclt(iii, *
Itoulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5.301
. *8:15p Newark. Ccnlprvillc, Ran Jose, New
Aluiaden, Feltori, Boulder Cr.-ek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations ....:. "11:20*
4:l3i> Newark, San .lnse and l.i.s liatoi.... 9:39*
t11:43p Hunter 3' F.»cursion. San- Jose and
'.V^y Staciors t7:2oi»
COAST IHVISIuN criiinl~X"To<iiiM'ml Sly)
6:45 a San .lose ami Way tstalions (New "
Almaucn Wednesdays 0n1y),...... 1:43p
Sil3a Swi Jose. Trea l'iuus, Hanta Cruz,
FaetUa GroTe, Paso Rubier, Hau
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe and rrin-
ciiial Way Stations 7:03f
IO:4Oa San Joso and \V»y Stations 5:«»0«»
11:43 a Palo Alto mid Way stations 3.-3OJ
*2:3OpSau Jose, Clln Tres i'inoi, Santa
Cruz, i! : r.a.i, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove *io:IOa
•;i::«Op BanJu id Principal AVay Stations »:47* J
•4:3oi'.«an Joaeunil Way Stations •'4:ooa -J
3:30 San. «nse an 1 Way Stations •»:!«»*
O:3Oi» San Joso ami Way Stations O:S3 A
ll:t-ll- Sum Josi; inn! Way St»ti»im t7:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Turn SAX fRAITISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 I1:00a.m. tllOO •2-3Q 13^1
M:00 15:00 •G:G3r.M. • ' ■•■■'■ f '*
/rom OiKlißD— Foot of Broadwar.— TOO 800
10:00 a.m. Jl2-.C3 '1:03 55:00 »3:0O ti : o3
*s:3;>'.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepteil t Saturdays only.
! Sundays only.
tf Monday. TbnntUy and Saturday nigfcti only.
and Saturdays 6 Sundays auu Thursday
SM FPt4\CISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of .Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a. it.' 12-35
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trl-*
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
* and 11:80 p. m.
BCKDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 2:80, 3:3^
San Kitfael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6.25, 7:55. 9:30, 11-10 a if.- I
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays-Extra trips :
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 P. m. "^
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam»
schedule as above.
Le » ve Tn off »c» Arrive .
San Francisco. ', • qJ,. 28." San r * »cl«».
Wekk I Sun- ' Ut .J.^: ion Sox- i Wi«"
Days. | days, j nation. SAY9^ | DAys
7:4oam 8:00 am ~ Novato, 10:40 AM; 8:50 a
3:30 pm 9:30 ay I'etaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 ax
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 8:15 m
I Fulton, '
7:40 aml Windsor, 10:30 am
r _• . j Healdsbnrg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm |
SHopland &
! Hopland <fc
___ 8:00 am UKlah. 7:30 pm 6415 pm
7:40 ah 7~ 10:30 am:
8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm 6:15 th
7:40 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:lopm 5:00 . and : 6:05 pm 6:lspm
| | Glen Kl'.en. \ '
7:40 am 8:00 am' c - h ... nn _,- 10:40 am j 10:30 am
3:30 PM |s:oopml SeDaat °P° l -. | 6:05 pmJ 6:15
.Stages connect at San Rafael for Boltnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at I'ieta for Highland Springs,
KAlseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Tkiah for Vichy Springs, Blue j
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Roonevllle, Oreen-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport, ,
Cahto. WUletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John ,
Day's, lovely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Sco.ia
and Eurpica.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points oe- ■
yond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market st., Chronicle butldlng. '
H.C. WHITING. R. X.RYAN. \
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains leave from -nd arrive iJ^S^pv'Ft 'GfPi
*t Market-Street Ferry. CS(^4***O^ T^
SANTA FE EXPRtb=»
To Chicago via A. & P. Di , re « 'i lia
I^nves mryd*/ at 3:30 P. m-. carrying W. I na»n
Palace Sleepers and Tourist sleep /" " .Chic. £•
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars to.
Denver and St. Louis. MI , T pn
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angefes to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dinlng-car\
under Harvey s in«n«Keni»nt. ronnectln-4 inns
leave Pan Francisco at 9a. m. and .H :3O p. M. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: irtterestlDg scenery t
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnin-
*"*' Ticket Ofllce— 644 Market Street,
. Chrnu:-.-lo Builuics.
UORTiI PACIFIC (OAST RAILROAD* !
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893 ■
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill V^llevaiid -an Itatael— 9-15 11 OU
a. M.: 1:45,3:45,5:15. 6::-:0 p. m. **"" v
San Quentin— T::-;0, 9:15 a. M. : 1:46. 6:15 ' m •
Kitra trips tor nan >tai.iel on Mondays, wisdue*. I
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. -."•"" aue 1
--■.-; SUNDAYS. I
For Mill Valley, San Rtifarl and San QnenMn J
8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a.m.: 1:30, 3:00, 4:30 2 6 \l '
r. M. "Does not run to San ntin. '
THROUGH TRAINS. /J . !
T:SO a. m. weekdays-Cazadero and way stations,
1:45 p. *■ Saturaays-Tomales and way station*
i:00 a. m. Sundayg-rolnt Reyes ana way«itlou*Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
HEED OF AN EARTHQUAKE
Should the City Hall Be De
stroyed a New One Might
Be Built.
THE EFFECT OF PADEREWSKI.
Oakland's Saturday Night Audience
Was Completely Won by
the Musician.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
903 Broadway. Feb. 23. «
If such an old rattletrap of a building as
the City Hall existed at Milpitas it would
be at once condemned as 'unfit to cumber
the ground in that thriving community.
It has stood in the center of Oakland for
about eighteen years, since a large portion
of it was destroyed by fire, and when
General P. TV. C. Thompson, Commander of the Celebrated "California Cavalry
Battalion" and the " California Ono Hundred," Carrying the Tattered Flag
That Was Borne on Fifty-two Battle-Fields.
[From a ■photograph taken for ''The "Call."]
Mayors of other cities come here Mayor
I>avie is expected to invite admiration
of Oakland's municipal pile. The latest
proof of its u?e!essness was made manifest
yesterday. Two prisoners became tired of
restraint and some of the spirit of the
hero of the day being yet unstified in their
thievish breasts they decided to regain
their liberty. They did not experience
much aifficulty in getting out. They
looked for the part of the prison, walls that
required the least exertion to remove and
then they walked out. Had they made
their exit ra>t the Chief's office and
salaamed to him a 9 they retired from in
carceration there migiit be some ground of
complaint against the department. But
as they walked out through a vail the
remedy must be looked for elsewhere.
The police force is far too small to es
tablish a cordon around the walls of the
City rinh to intercept fugitives who take
advantage of its weakness and decay, so
that the example of yesterday's escapes is
likely to be generously followed. Only a
few weeks ago two boys did the same
thing. In their case they pushed the top
off tbeir ceil and walked out with the
boarders who had been accommodated at
tno prison during the night The City
Treasurer has to deposit his money in a
bank vault, because it is feared that if a
pafe were built in his office it would tum
ble through into the prison. The City En
gineer cannot be accommodated in the
building, but he can be found a couple of
blocks away in a private, block. Any
property-owner who wishes to look at
plans for sewer improvements or at street
survey?, which business naturally lies be
tween the street department and the En
gineer's office, can probably get all the
information he needs if he has a whole
day to fpare. Notwithstanding all these
deplorable inconveniences, not to mention
the rat-in-a-trap experience that would be
the lot of prisoners in case of fire, ail
efforts looking toward the erection of a
new building have met with disfavor. An
earthquake seems to be the only hope of
making possible a new City Kail for Oak
land.
The ladies who edited the Washington's
birthday edition of the Enquirer made an
innovation. They dispensed with the
"society" page. Tnis was not because the
editresses, belonging more to the practical
set than the so-called social set, considered
the page as toadying to human weakness,
but becanse no member of the staff was
found with enough courage to accept the
social assignment. There were seven
ladies on the staff and as nearly as can be
ascertained each had the support of six for
the position of society editor. At the
earlier meeting of the staff the value of
the social column was extolled and the
beneficiaries of the special edition ex
pected hundreds of nickels from the sale
of papers on account of it. Toward the
time of publication the enthusiasm re
garding the important detail waned and
with a keen eye to business it was finally
decided to dispense with it altogether.
Then the secret came out. There was a
division of opinion in the council as to
which of the social sets of the community
should be given the prominence. There
are sets and setß in this city and to array
one against the other would be to destroy
the prospects of street sales. So the social
page did not appear for the rirst time in
any paDer edited by women, and it was as
acceptable on Oak street as on Jackson
and Lake.
The great amount of interest shown in
yesterday's celebrations prove that the
uresent controversy that is being carried
on by exponents of "different religious and
political faiths is producing good. It is
inducing a display of patriotisn^that was
not previously noticed. In Oadiind tens
of thousands of people considered it in
cumbent on them to show that no matter
what their creed may be, their patriotism
is of the right kind. Nothing was seen
anywhere but the stars and stripes, and
tney were seen everywhere. No matter
under whose auspices any celebration was
held, the text was "George Washington,"
and there was an evident effort to show
that on that common ground all were in
harmony. The same spirit has been no
ticeable in many business enterprises
throughout the city.
General Thompson and the famous bat
tle-flag that lie carried were a great feature
i in yesterday's parade.
Paderewski was at the Macdonough last
night, and an audience representing about
$4000 ia admission fees listened to his
playing.
The people in the audience applauded
wnen he played and they applauded when
he bowed. If the applause after a bow
was or long duration the mechanical bend
of the be-haired head was repeated.
Continued applause after playing never
brought the plover back, so on several oc
casions the audience compromised on a
bow and a wave of what appeared six rows
away like a chrysanthemum.
The Macdonough audience weut away
satisfied. They had heard the grent Pole
and had seen his hair, and these two fea
tures of hi 9 visit will be long remembered,
and will, of. course, add prestige to the
small army of teachers who went to hear
him and to be seen at the concert.
S. W. B.
THE ALAMEDA YACHTSMEN
Members of the Encinal Club
Well Settled in the New
House.
Executors Searching for the Will of
Captain Morse, Who Left a
$100,000 Estate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 23.— The En
cinal Yacht Club's closing party for the
winter has taken place, under auspices
more favorable than any preceding it.
The new clubroom had been entirely com
pleted and things were well settled down
in it, so that the club was better able to
entertain its friends than ever before. Al
though none of the yachts have as yet
been brought down from their anchorage,
there is as much life at the boathouse as in
the middle of the season. The new club
house, with its bowling alleys, pool and
billiard tables and shuffle-board, has
proven to be immensely popular. It is
quite the fashion for members and their
wives or lady friends to congregate there
in parties on evenings and holidays and
bowl tenpins. It is even the vogue for
memb rs to *ive little suppers at their
homes and retire thereafter to the club
rooms and pass a pleasant hour at bil
liards or bowling. The new clubhouse
was a distinct success, and bids fair to
bring the Encinal Club into much greater
favor than it already enjoyed.
Morse* Kstate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 23.— George E.
Pinmrucr, named in conjunction with
Clark Blethen and C. C. B.ethen as execu
tor of the will of the late Captain A. H.
Morse, nas obtained an order from tbe
court authorizing him to search dece
dent's box in the California Safe Deposit
vault, where the will is__deposited. De
ceased leaves no family of his own, and hi°
estate, estimated at $100,000, will go to sis
ters and nieces. Captain Morse was for
twenty-five years, during the flush times,
Hie captain of a river steamer in Chinese
waters, retiring six years ago and building
a tine home in Alameda, where he ended
his days.
i.iriurc on Civil Government.
ALAMEDA, CAL.^Feb. 23.— Rev.William
M. Lane of Christ Church will lecture for
the Political Economy Club this evening
at 8 o'clock in Tucker's Hall, corner of
Park street and Santa Clara avenue. Sub
ject: "Civil Government a Sacred Trust
From God." All are invited to attend.
Miscellaneous Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 23.— The father
of W. J. Hynes, a popular entertainer,
who was prominently on the programme
for ihe patriotic entertainment given by
Council 24, Y. M. 1., died at his home in
Sau Francisco last Saturday, and it was
therefore impossible for the son to appear.
A large audience was disappointed.
The A'ameda Cyclers are elated over the
fact that one of their men, Frank G.
Thomas, waa third in the 25-miie road
race last Saturday.
The Political Equality Club has secured
the services of Rev. Mr. Lane for to-morrow
(Mpndav) evening, who will lecture on
"Civil Government, a Sacred Trust from
God." The regular session will be held in
the afternoon, commencing at 2 o'clock.
A. de Santos will have his preliminary
hearing on a charge of assaulting a little
girl, on Wednesday next.
C. A. Nisseu was badly hurt at the relay
race Saturday. He was. thrown from bis
wheel on the first lap and did not get up
until assistance came.
The active Canadian militia, on its pres
ent peace footing, consists of 1987 cavalry,
1440 field artillery, 2342 garrison artillery,
243 engineers and 31,388 infantry, giving a
total of 37,400 men, all of whom ere taken
from the first class.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
THOMPSON MAKES REPLY.
He Resents Director Blinn's Re
marks About Lyon
Post.
VETEHANS ARE OUT FOR WAR.
The Struggle Will Probably Be Pro
traded to tne Next En
campment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 23. >
The war among the veteran soldiers
shows no sign of coming to an end. The
skirmishing of Director Blinn of the
Yountvilie Home has met with a counter
lire from General Thompson of this city.
The general resents the statement that the
resolutions passed by Lyon Post were in
stigated by him and were passed by a
small attendance.
"Tho_ resolutions were unanimously
passed at a regular meeting," said General
Thompson to-night, "and if the directors
only just now realize that their actions are
unpopular they must have very little
knowledge of the state of public opinion."
The general was shown the interview
with Director Blinn and asked what he
had to say about it. He replied :
•'Director Charles H. Blinn of the Vet
erans' Home, in an interview published in
to-day's Call, talks about Commander
Wilson placing under arreet and court
martialing all of Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R.,
of Oakland, for unanimously passing Borne
resolutions to have the mismanagement
of the directors of the Veterans' Home in
vestigated. Why does not Commander Wil
son arrest and court-martial all of George
H. Thomas Post No. 2 for passing and
publishing resolutions defending and
laudatory of Dr. C. O. Brown and abusing
his opponents without the authority of the
department commander? Is Dr. Brown of
more importance than 600 Union soldiers?
"Probably the friends of i)r. Brown and
those of the home directors are in about
the same fix, and they are going to stand
by each other. Mr. Blinn says that Cap
tain Currier, the treasurer, does not keep
the $50 a month paid him, but gives it to
his clerk, but gives no name. Perhaps it
is to the same friend that he kept on the
Government payroll when he was Pension
Agent. Will Mr." Blinn kindly prepare a
statement for the Governor's investigation
of all the money he has received from the
home treasury for goint: to the home
more or less every week since he was a di
rector; for what it has cost the home to
keep him and his family there in country
outings during the same time? Also what
commissions or favors he has received for
buying supplies for the home from cer
tain parties who are known to have offered
inducements to another director to make
such purchases? Also of what he knows
abo.nt farming, gardening, grounds, build
ings, or the care of old soldiers, if any
thing, or what good, if any, he has been to
the home at Yountvilie?
"Mr. Blinn will iind out that when Gov
ernor Budd makes his investigation Lyon
Post will substantiate every allegation
unanimously adopted at a large stated
meeting held February, 1896, and also
many other charges relating to the in
competence and drunkenness of officers
and the ignorance, corruption and mis
management of directors.
"It will also be shown that of the many
hundreds of thousands of dollars that
have been contributed by the taxpayers
of this State and nation to maintain in
digent and disabled veterans at this home
not more than two-thirds has been
properly used for that purpose, and that at
least orfe-third has been wasted, misap
propriated or stolen by the ring that has
controlled the home since its organization.
"I see that Colonel Hussey is also men
tioned by Blinn. The colonel was not at
the meeting at all and did not know that
the resolutions were being adopted."
FREE THOUGHT.
The Christian Church Is an Advocate of
All Forms of lieligionn Freedom.
OAKLAND, Cai., Feb. 23.— Rev. Ed
wards Davis, minister of the Central Chris
tian Church, delivered the second of a se
ries of liberal sermons to-night. A week
aeo the youthful preacher took for his
theme "The Realm and Reign of Free
Thought in the Church." He announces
as the subject of the third termon, "The
Broad Basis of the Liberal Church to
Come." The subject of last night's dis
course was, "Correct Belief Not the Essen
tial of Salvation." Rev. Mr. Davis be
lieves in stirring things. He will likely
succeed in his aim.
In last evening's discourse he said:
Sincerity and desire cannot of necessity pre
sage truth. Every true philosopner has writ
ten the tenets of his theories with the blood of
sacrifice. Socrates paid mortal life for a beiief
in immortality, Dante endured ostracization
for tne sake of society, Savonarola felt the fire
of his funeral pile because'of belief in noliticai
liberty, Jesus of Nazereth buffered sacrifice on
the crocs of Calvary for belief in vicarious
atonement. But there are those who lived and
died, not for truth, but for error. The accepted
rights of respective ages have become the con
ceded wrongs of others, and individual opin
ions have blown along like autumn leaves be
fore the winter wind.|
The search for complete truth cannot assure
its discovery. Correct belief is yet to be pos
sessed. In consequence I claim it cannot be
the essential of our salvation. We are seeding
knowledge and searching the Scriptures as if
immortality depended on such stuff. Philoso
phers nave lived in continual domestic dis
cord, l.bertine poets have eulogized purity and
preachers have fallen in their practices far
short of their teachings. It is not a knowledge
of truth, but a possession thereof, that is to be
desired. The rude pioneer telling the lorest
and planting the clearing with grain may not
have allowed the rubbish of things to have
overgrown the intuitive mind, and .have
planted good deeds and reaped rich harvests.
But deeds do not demonstrate creeds. Our
"beliefs will neither damn or save us. The
terms of knowledge are not tne shibboleth of
entry into the gates of the eternal city. If sal
vation depends upon belief humanity is lost
beyond redemption. If salvation hinges on
such requirement, and granted th<j church of
Christ is correct in its beliet, but one million
souls of Christendom can be saved.
No denomination has a patent right on truth ;
no church can monopolize salvation. But it is
equally true, if one hellcves unto faith >n a
doctrine and disobeys its teaching, this I know,
for that he cannot receive reward. It is a dan
gerous thing to read the word of God without a
willingness for obedience upon conviction
thereto. Nor can one that has realized the in
spiration of a broad conception be saved by a
narrow creed.
The church of which I stand a minister
pleads for freedom of thought, pleads for lib
erty of speech, pVeads for the learning of litera
ture, pleads for the search of the star of science,
that we may know when Its light will brighen
the world— pleads that the highest exhalation
of a mortal man is his obedience to God" and a
faithful compliance to the positive teachings of
his word. O wonderful creed, the recreating
Christ, infinite thou art, but mine, and hence
to.thee I give my life, my partial comprehen
sion, my complete obedience.
WAITING fOX . FRIENDS,
-Mrs. Willmore Still in Jail for Lack of
Bonds.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— Mrs. Will
more, the mother of Burt Willmore, is
still in jail, charged with burglary.
Mrs. Willmore blames Mrs. Wagner for
all her troubles. She denies knowing any
thing of what the boys were doing and
says sine is a very much persecuted woman.
She 6ays the Wagner boys have been the
guilty parties all through, and deeply re
grets that the two families ever became
acquainted.
Her story conflicts strongly with certain
facts that have been unearthed by Ber
geant Hodgkins. It is the opinion pf that
officer that the prisoner has practically
been conducting a fence for several
months. Next Tuesday the boys will ap
pear in ihe Superior Court and Mayor
Whitney will endeavor to have them com
mitted to a reform school. It is under
stood that the District Attorney will not
oppose the plea if the boys plead guilty.
Out for 3lcKinley. —
OAKLAND, Cal., F,eb. 23.— Last even
ing a temporary organization of the Mc-
Kinky Club of Oakland was effected at
Kohler & Chase Hall. F. R. Porter was
chosen president and Fred Murdoch sec
retary. A number of ringing McKinley
speeches were made and much enthusiasm
prevailed. It was announced that next
Saturday the Republican State Central
Committee would meet and designate the
city whereat the State convention will be
held. At that convention eighteen dele
gates to the National convention inJune
are to be chosen. The Oakland district
will be entitled to two representatives at
the St. Louis convention. Permanent
organization of the McKinley Club will
take place next Saturday evening.
Stole His Watch.
OAKLAND: Cal., Feb. 23. — Thomas
McNamara was arrested to-day for rob
bery. He was eating in a restaurant at
Seventh and Broadway, and at the same
table sat Captain Cummings, a retired sea
captain. When the captain started to go
he missed his gold watch. A waiter, who
had been suspicious of McNamara's move
ments, told oi what he had seen, and when
arrested the watch was found in his pocket.
Under the name of John Wilson McNa
mara is under bonds for an offense in
San Francisco.
THE STUDENT LABORERS.
Three Days a Week to Be Set
Aside for the Campus
Improvements.
The Old English Comedy "Love for
Love" to Be Produced at the
University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23. -To-monow
afternoon the 3tudehts will meet for the
purpose of making definite plans for the
' carrying out of the proposed "student
j labor" work, which is to be undertaken
during the latter part of the week. Thurs
day afternoon, Friday and Saturday are to
be set aside by the academic senate as the
time for carrying out the plans of Regent
Reinstein in making the new approach to
the buildings from Center street.. The
entire wors of organization for the under
taking will be left to the students them
selves for determination. Whether it will
be on the military or section plan remains
for them to determine.
Some objection has been raised among
them as to the plan for working on Satur
day, but it is thought that this can easily
be met by the arcument that they should
De willing to place themselves to some in
convenience for the sake of the university
and the desire 10 see the grounds in better
condition.
Visiting Preachers.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 23— Dr. Warren
Landon of the San Francisco Theological
Seminary preached both morning and
evening to-day at the First Presbyterian
Church. His address tins evening was on
''The Form of Government of the Presby
terian Church." It was a doctrinal ser
mon throughout, and many important
principles upon which the foundation of
the church rests were elucidated*
Dr. Buckley of San Francisco conducted
•the morning service at the Dwight-way
Baptist Church.
Dr. McLean of Oakland filled the pulpit
of the First Congregational Church, hav
ing exchanged with the regular pastor,
Rev. George B. Hatch.
Hint- and Gold Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23— The elec
tion of the University of California class
of '98 Blue and Gold officers will take
place next Tuesday. The polls will be
open from 10 a. m. to 4p. m. Those who
have been nominated for editor are Chick
ering, Dickie and Rector, and for business
manager, Baker and Mead. The officers
on the Blue and Gold staff have grown to
be of much importance within the last few
years, as the university has increased in
size and strength, and it is expected that a
fierce political battle will be fought on
Tuesday before the last ballot shall have
beer. cast. As all of the candidates, save
one, are fraternity men, "frat" spirit and
interest will play a prominent part in the
struggle. There are about 375 persons who
will be eligible to vote.
Will Vote for More Bond*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23.—Notwith
standing the fact that the proposition to
bond the town for $200,000, to be expended
in the erection of four new school build
ings and a wharf, was defeated at the elec
tion held on February 15, the Board of Ed
ucation will ask for another election to be
held on March 28 tor the purpose of raising
$00,000 to be used in the erection of needed
new scnooi buildings. The We3t Berkeley
Progressive Club is preparing a petition to
the Doard asking for $40,000 to be spent in
the erection ot a wharf. Authoritative
citizens state that the two propositions are
likely to kill one another in the same man
ner the last two were lost.
Charter Day Baseball.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 23.—Arrange
ments are being made for a baseball game
on Charter day, March 23, between the
Varsity nine and the University Club of
San Francisco. The game, if played, will
be something out of the ordinary and
would be expected to draw a large crowd.
It is the hope of Manager Miller to make
the occasion a day of sport and festivity
after the usual ceremonies are ended.
" Love for Love."
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23.— L. D.
Sjle of trie department of English at the
university is training a number of his
class members w,ith the view of producing
a version of the old English comedy
"Love for Love" some time next month.
Those who are to perform the most prom
inent parts are: Miss Jessie Anderson
'96, Thompson '95, Kierulff 'ti6, and
Fryer '99.
Cathode Ray Experiments.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 23.—Experi
ments with cathode ray photography will
be continued in the laboratories of the
Mechanics' building to-morrow morning.
The success of yesterday has given much
encouragement to the experimenters.
MANY BROTHERS PRESENT
Several Orders Attend the Fu
neral of the Late Peter
Pumyea.
Two Thousand People Attend the
Ceremonies at the Oakland
Residence.
Oaklaitd Office San Fbakcisco Call »
908 Broadway, Feb. 23. j
The body of the Jate Peter Pumyea was
buried at Mountain View Cemetery this
afternoon. The deceased was a Knight of
Pythias, a Red Man, an Odd FeHow and a
Patriarch Militant. All those societies
turned out to honor the memory of their
late comrade, and the funeral was the
most imposing since that of the late A. N.
Towne.
The ceremonies were attended by the
whole family and wore conducted by Rev.
Dr. Coyle aud Rev. Maynard. The honor
ary pallbearers were delegates from the
various lodges.
Hundreds of prominent people attended
the funeral and the cortege extended over
six blocks. It was led by a platoon of po
lice under command of Chief Lloyd and
Captain Fletcher. The Red Men came
next, and Knights of Pythias, Odd Fel
lows, Patriarchs Militant, under command
of Judge Odgen. The hearse and pall
bearers were led by VV.- Kent and H. V.
Herbert. A lone line of private carriages
followed containing the following:
Mayor Davie, R. J. McKillican, D. C.
Brown, T. J. Carrothers, J. J. White, Cap
tain Wilson. Sheriff White, Al White, D.
Holland, U. Wiiliams.W. Quigley, J. Mur
phy, W. D. OConneil, T. F." Garritty.
Judee J. J. Murphy, Baron Baroteau, O.
D. Brown, Fred A. Campbell, W. H. H.
Hnssey, Albert Shorey, John Barnett,
John Mackey, J. E. Johnson, Phil Walsh,
George Furry, O. L. Rodger*, Harvey Wil
son, Judge Ogden, J. B. Letter, E." Ber
nstein. M. 'Samson, Cliarles McCleverty,
William White, T. Noonoo, C. D. Burn
ham, Con Keefe, W. D. McCutcheon. J. J.
Hannifin, George T. Carleton, R. A,
Hughes, M. Jones, E. Aarons, J. T. Mc-
Donough, J.Joselyn, L. Filmore, Meyer
Cohn, E. E. Lamping and B. L. Curtiss.
PATRIOTIC CONCERT.
A Washington Celebration at the Twen
tieth Street Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— There was a
Washington and Linco'n sacred and patri
otic concert at the Twentieth-street Bap
tist Church this evening. Professor L. P.
Meads of the High School presided, and
the pastor, Rev. Philip Graif, delivered an
address. He said :
"To Btudy a great soul like Washington
i 9 more instructive and cnarming than any
mere philosophical theories of the intel
lectually or the morally beautiful. If it
be wise and inspiring to uplift heroic
fieutes before the eyes of youth, we can
not too often hold aloft for ad-airation and
worship a character so strong, pure, sym
metrical and well-poised. Under the
searchlight of microscopic criticism, views
from every standpoint of ethics and his
tory, he stands forth an object of pre
eminence and love, not so much for his
wealth or miiitary exploits as for his ele
vation and spotless integrity of character.
Inexpressibly liner than .printea words or
eloquent tongue, than genius or gold, is it
to possess the majesty of manhood and
the beauty of personal worth. Earth pre
sents no prouder or more distinguished
scene than that of a man dedicated to the
art of virtuous character-building.
"The best way to honor Washington is
not so much with chime of bells or gay
procession, as it is to appreciate his superb
traits and incarnate his moral ideals.
"In proportion as we revere his character
will it be an index of either our progress
or decadence as a nation. The more de
voutly we draw around his forehead the
aureola of political esteem the more we
honor ourselves. When Washington's sen
timents no longer flash from the eyes of
our citizens, or tnroo in the hearts of our
countrymen, or cease to dominate our coun
cils of State, our Republic ia doomed."
INTERESTS AT OAKLAND.
The Salvation Property at Beulah
Is In Baliington Booth's
Name.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— The present
unsettled condition of affairs regarding the
commander of the Salvation Army in the
United States is creating no feeling of un
certainty among the loca' officers. It is
the general opinion that Ballington Booth
will soon be restored to his command.
"I do not for a moment anticipate any
thing: like a division of the array in this
country," said Ensign Reid to-night. "I
do not think General Booth fully under
stands the position that Ballington Booth
holds in the estimation of the American
people. I had a telegram from Colonel
Eadie telling me that he is now tempora
rily in charge, and that Ballington Booth
has left the headquarters. The commander
had such a perfect system that Colonel
Eadia can easily carry on the work."
Mrs. Ensign Reid is positive that there
will be no split.
"All the officers in the army," she said,
"are sworn to obey God and the army. We
are not bowed down to Commander Bal
lington Booth, although we all love him
ami his wife. Ido not think he will be
away from his command for long, and
when he returns everything will be
straightened out. It is unfortunate any
thing like this should have occurred, butit
will not affect the army. Everybody will
be asloyal to Colonel Eadie as they were
to the commander."
There is considerable property in this
county standing in the name of Ballington
Booth, and this will ail have to be trans.
lerred to his successor. The Beulah Res
cue Home, Children's Home, and Home of
Rest are all held by Balnngton Boeth for
the army, and these represent a value of
nearly $20,000. The feeling is that the
commander will soon be restored, and it is
impossibl« to predict what would be the
result should General Booth persist in his
removal.
THE RISE IN OAMPHOE.
Trice of the Dtng Has Nearly Doubled
In Twelve Months.
The peculiar and uncertain position of
camphor in the market has caused more
comment and speculative gossip concern
ing this article, its source of supply, meth
ods of production, etc., than it has re
ceived in years past. The manipulations
of a syndicate, said to have headquarters
in London, and the air of mystery which
has surrounded its operations have made
camphor a commodity toward which much
iateresthas been directed for months past.
Refined camphor, prime quality, sold at
34 cents per pound a year ago, since which
time it has brought 64 cents. It is now
quoted at 59 cents, tnis decline from
the higher figure being attributed
to the bearing of the market by
the syndicate, or because of outside
competition with the syndicate. The fu
ture course of the market is problematical.
The syndicate commenced buying last
June and has not yet cornered the market.
Dealers believe that if the syndicate can
continue to purchase all that is offered
during another six months it will be in j
absolute control. Whether it can do this J
or not is uncertain, because the personnel j
of the operators and their financial strength
are not known and can only be guessed at.
In view of the interest and the possibili
ties of the situation^ timely reference can
be made to Japan and Formosa, where
most of the crude camphor of commerce is
grown. In olden times camphor was pro
duced in Sumatra, Borneo and other parts
of the East Indies and China, but of late
years they have been no factor in produc
tion. Camphor trees are of the evergreen
variety, symmetrical in proportion, blos
soming with white flowers and bearing red
berries. They attain great age, some liv
ing 300 years, and are of ponderous size,
the largest measuring fifteen feet in diam
eter. The camphor of Formosa is inferior
.to that of Japan, which, coupled with tha
fact that the former island is inhabited
largely by savages and the production of
crude camphor being attended with so
much danger, leaves Japan practically to
supply the world. The annual export of
crude camphor from Japan averages about
5,000,000 pounds, of which one-fourth comes
to this country and the remainder is dis
tributed over Europe. This merchantable
product must be refined before it can pass
into consuming; channels, and 'until two
years ago it was exclusively treated at
American and European refineries. The
attempts recently made to finish the
product in Japan have met with moderate
success, resulting in "Japan brands" being
placed on the market by about a dozen
I small refineries established on native soil. —
I The Paint, Oil and Drug Keview.
SATAN'S FORWARD STRIDES
Rev. Dr. Case Talks About the
Moral Corruption of San
Francisco.
IS VERY MUCH LIKE HADES.
Mayor Sutro and the Native Sons Are
Strongly Criticized— "The Moral
Pesthouse of the Beach."
A discourse on "The Devil's Forward
Movement" was delivered at the Howard
street Methodist Church last evening by'
Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. The preacher said :
The religious forward movement of our timfi
has its best exponent in Hugh Price Hughes of
the West London Mission in England.
He has tried the experiment of going to the
people with the gospel and it has worked well.
The eyes of the religious world have been
upon the movement to learn the best methods
cf aggressive work under the peculiar condi
tions of modern civilization.
Heroic efforts are being put forth in many
lands, and in many centers in our land, to
drive out the prince of darkness, but as yet the
devil holds the fort, and not only so, but he
seems to push his way from Atlanta to the sea
without much opposition.
Looking out from my watchtower, it appears
to me his satanic nißjesty has been working on
the line of the forward movement in this City
for years, and that he is now leading the hoats
with accelerated speed to perdition.
Every editor, reporter and newspaper man of
every class, every municipal officer, every
Judge now on or off the bench, and thousands
of.othersare well aware that San Francisco
behind the scenes isalazar-house.fullof putre
fying sores and pestilential diseases— he knows
that San Francisco by gaslightisareal Inferno,
that underground San Francisco is full of rot
tenness and too disgusting to be described.
This is the City of my adoption, and I want
her to prosper and to be saved, but when 1 see
so mucn wantonness and corruption. I tremble
for its future.
When I look upon its votaries of pleasure,
: sacrificing ev^ry principle of virtue, of Godli
ness and prudence, I shudder to think of the
sure and certain consequences.
When I see the sacred institution of mar
riage treated as thoueh it had been abolished
by the Uod of familes and avoided as though it
were a bondage into which none should daie
to enter, when I see the dancehouse and the
saloon and the variety theater filled with
maddened and debauched human beings,
when I see men whose business It is to corrupt
and destroy innocent girlhood and thought
less youths, when I see these things I wonder
that the vengeance of heaven does not in
flaming fire consume us all with a single flash.
A 6 I have walked these streets .by day and
by night I have asked myself the Question,
"May it not be possible, as some ministers
have taught, the second coming of Christ took
place at the destruction of Jerusalem, and, the
judgment having taken place, we are now in
hell?"
I ask the question, Is not this really hades?
But why am I here if it is hell? I never meant
to make my bed in hell.
Then as I look around and see some good
people here who never told a lie, like father
Yorke, for instance, I am sure it is not hell.
But there is so much that is devilish and in
fernal that it is hard to believe' the race
started in a harmless paradise.
i Asa whole the world is bad— very bad— bad
everywhere — and Satan's seat is high and in
almost every place conspicuous.
Business methods are wickedly corrupt—pol
itics is corrupt— municipal governments are
corrupt. Corruption rises everywhere. ■
It is a sorrow to many that our distinguished
citizen, the Mayor of this City, after all he has
done for the City, in the maintenance of beau
tiful gardens and the gathering together of a
fine museum and the completion of elegant
baths, shou'd have rebuilt in elegance the
Cliff House, to be furnished with two immense
berrooms, in one of which hangs nude and
i partially nude pictures.'
I hope the Mayor, for whom in some respects
I have a great regard, and for whom in all re
spects I have the kindest feelings, will think
wisely of the heritage he is leaving to the
present and future San Franciscans. 'Time is
short.
We shall soon go to meet our Judge.
If there is one place in Ban Francisco Connty
where the blood of wrecked humanity will
ooze out ot the timbers more profusely than
another — one place where the wail of the lost
will come up with shrieking horror above the
roar of the angry wave* of the sea— it will be
the Cliff House— dedicated to Bacchus and to
death.
The old Cliff House, as well as the old Ocean
House, was a veritable Bethaven, a house of
iniquity, where sin of deepest dye perpetually
reigned unto the death of souls.
We had hoped tbat those dark days had
passed away from San Francisco forever; that
our honorable Mayor, who is in sympathy with
good government and moral progress, would
ntver rebuild the Cliff House as the throne of
Bacchus and the moral pesthouse of the ocean
beach.
Let us Dray that the honorable Mayor shall
be constrained to use the few remaining days
which may be allotted to him on earth to puri
fying the Cliff House and the City by putting
away as far as possible everything that shall
have a tendency to debase and ruin mankind.
The horrors of the liquor traffic are inde
scrlbaDle. Earth would be plmost a paradise
were it not for the curse of the drink habit.
How long must this barbarism be retained
among us?
Jjook at this train of weeping ones, clad in
weeds of widowhood, stricken and bowed with
the anguish of years! They were once the
wives, they are now the widows, of drunkards.
With swollen eyes and faded cheeks and bleed
ing hearts, they tread upon the brink of the
grave.
What countless multitudes of innocent little
ones are there in tatters and' in filth, hatless,
bonnetless, shoeless, haggard with hunger and
pallid with disease. Their tiny feet patter
over the stony streets until their pathway red
dens with their trickling blood 1
These are children of drunkards and from
this wretched, endless procession comes up the
cry, "How long, O Lord, how long?"
The devil's forward movement is seen in the
added facilities which the prince of darkness
is inspiring men to employ for the desecration
of the "Lord's day."
The Almighty Father could never govern
and manage or develop a people without a
Sabbath day; but San Francisco presumes to
do what the God of nations cannot ao.
It is no justification for Sab&ath desecration
to say that under the Christian dispensation
all days are sacred, for the fact is in San Fran
cisco no day is sacred, but all days are profane.
Many young men to my certain knowledge
have been ruined by yielding to the entice
ments to Sabbath desecration.
The Sunday theater is blighting young life
every week in the year, right nuder our eyes.
The management- of the organization of the
Native Sons is not above criticism.
Please notice I place emphasis upon the word
management.
In my addresses in other years I have had
occasion to speak well of the organization of
the Native Sons of the Golden West. In a pub
lic address a few years ago I said: "Since I
.became an adopted son of California I nave
never been outside her borders but I have
longed to get back to the land of pure atmos
phere, rich and abundant fruits, with her pro
fusion of .flowers and to the society of her royal
people, for she contains many of the best."
The responsibility of native sons, and
adopted sons as well, is exceedingly great.
1 am sorry to be compelled to say that the
history of our grand commonwealth has not
always been distinguished for its superior,
morality.
This may be accounted for, perhaps, on the
theory of Jean Paul Richter, that —
"Too much fortune or too much misery drives
both men and nations to immorality— \a it is
only in extremes of heat and cold that the
pond fishes hide themselves in the mud."
We are improving, however. The State is
better; this City is better in its morals than it
ever was before.
But we are far below wtmt we ought to be in
the scale of social and political morality.
Sons of the Golden West, native or adopted, I
adjure you to "quit yourselves like men."
It is yours to give to this great commonwealth
a civil Sabbath.
. It is a great sorrow to many native sons and 1
daughters and others as well tnat the dedica
tion of the new .Native Sons' building was set
upon the holy Lord's day, and especially that
the day should have been desecrated by a ban
quet in the evening.
It is proper enough tor a jolly crowd to make
the air blue singing "He's a jolly good fellow"
and other college sones on proper occasions,
but when tho name of any society to which
members belong who hold sacred with corb-
Bcientious scruples the Sabbath of the Lord,
proceedings are allowed and indulged in which
outrage those convictions, there is just cause
for criticism and complaint.
ON PATRIOTISM.
A Washington's Birthday Sermon
by Rev. E. R.
Dille.
The sermon preached by tbe Rev. E. R.
Dille yesterday morning in the Central
Methodiet Episcopal Church was on
"Patriotism" and was listened to by a
large and attentive congregation. After
dwelling upon love of country and loyalty
to its institution 11 arid the heroes who are
known in history as patriots, he dwelt
upon love of law and said:
No wonder the robbers said the other day
when they hud the. bank employes shot up In
the vault "Let us kill them; that will be the
safest way." They know that murder is about
the 1 only crime for which a man can hardly be
punished in this City und that the death pen
alty for crime inflicted by due process of law
is about the only kind of "taking life to which
our courts seem to have any objections.
Said a great jurist "When the guilty are
acciui'.tfMiihe Judge is condemned," but in the
Shattuck case it was the jury that was con
demned for allowing a rcdhanded miurdress
to go free upon a wretched technicality. There
are two things that are responsible, for this
carnival of crime:
1. Our American system of eourt,procedureby
which a verdict can be set aside upon some
ualtry quibbling technicality which has no
bearing whatever upon thp guilt or innocenca
of the accused— a miscarriage of justice that
has no p. ace in tho criminal procedure of any
other civilized nation in the world.
2. The unwho.lesorae and debauched state of
publicopinion. With many, instead of a rifrhte
ous anger against crime and a righteous indig
nation against criminals, there is a gushing,
maudlin, sentimental sympathy for them.
From various quarters there comes the cry,
"The worst u*e you can put a mau to is to
hang him"; whereas frequently it is the only
use he can ever be to the humanity upon
which he is a foul blot to be made an exam
ple of to deter other wild beasts like himself
from crime.
It is the divine law. "Whoso sheddeth man's
blood, by man shall his blood be shed."
VIEWS OF RELIGION.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith Discourses
on So-Called Common-
Sense.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith's evening lec
ture at Trinity Presbyterian Church was
on "Christianity and Common-Sense." It
was the second of a series on the relation
of Christianity to phases of modern
thought and action.
Mr. Smith called attention to the con
fusion of conservatifni and inertia with
common- sense. Continuing, he said:
All the progress the world has made has been
rif;ht against common-sense. In consideration
of those spiritual-, transcendent things I pity
the man who gropes in the groove of reason.
Take some of the common-sense matters as
illustrations;. The common-sense of one good
lady dictates that her child be. kept from the
society of children. That good lady or her
sister is likely to take a "common-sense"
measure of requiring her child to De silent at
the table. In short, there are good people who
still believe that the propex way to bring up
children is to keep them down.
Children are not novelties. They have been
presenting themselves for the last 6000 years.
Yet people take widely different common
sense views in regard to their education.
There are people who believe children should
be compelled to go to school, and there are
others who think that theory an absurdity.
Some belive children should be educated from,
the first along the line of specialities and they
have strong opponents. Strong are the op
posed beliefs as to the teachings of religious
principles.
When we realize the contrariety and chaos
of. opinions in the world we have cause 10
shudder at .the outlook if the future of religion
depends upon so-called common-sense. I open
mj- Bible and remember that good and great
men with the gift of common-sense have dif
fered and warred and driven each other to the
stake because of their different interpretation.
Common-sense theologians of Chrristendom
ara of different creeds and they do not like
each other any too well, either.
There are as many varying views of religion
as there are stars in the sky.
The common-sense of to-day is not the com
mon sense of yesterday. I tell you there is no
common-sense belief that is worth your cred
ence for a moment.
Depending upon my fragile common-sense, I
would say there are things in the sacred book
I could not believe. Religion is beyond" and
above that realm. Therefore, I tubordlnate
my reason, I subordinate my judgment.
Yet the signs of the times in the world are
the indications of a coalescence of the churches
on the pivotal fundamental truths. That, I
believe, will be the Christianity of the future.
May we rise above earth bound common
sense into the large, more generous realm of
faith. May we surrender our common-aense
to His!
LINCOLN'S COUNTEEPABT.
Strolled Into the House Gallery and
Attracted Attention.
In the gallery on Saturday last there sat
a man who attracted more attention than
would have been accorded the President of
the United States had he walked into the
seat set aside for him in the House gal
lery. The man, who was sublimely uncon
scious of the curiosity of the people about
him, was the absolute counterpart of Abra
ham Lincoln. A lady, who sat beside a
Star reporter, and who had known the
liberator well, almost fainted when this
man crossed her vision in taking his seat.
He was tall and lank, and wore immacu
late broadcloth, which sat loosely about
his form.
He had the large, homely, but kindly
mouth that Lincoln possessed, and wore
the same fringe of whiskers on hi? chin
that Mr. Lincoln used to wear. He had
the same gentle eyes, and iron gray hair
tossed back in rather long locks from his
strongly marked face. As be sat listening
to the debate, his face in profile was so
startlingly like that of the martyred Pres
ident that it was positively uncanny. And
when he seemed to forget his surroundings
there came into his face that worn, weary
expression which sat so often on Lincoln's
face during the last months, and. the Jady
beside the reporter, who was fascinated by
thn resemblance, got up to leave the j?af
lery.
"I can't stand it," she said. ''His face
will haunt me to my dying day. "Hun
dreds of people turned their eyes upon
him and the buzz of surprised comment
was almost audible to the speaker, but the
man sat oblivious through it all. Perhaps
he was used to it. A man with Lincoln's
face and form couidn't go round over the
United States and not be told of it. —
"Washington Star.
NEW TO-DAY.
f i
{ .
That's what Ghirardell?s f
f Cocoa is. It gives to dyspeptics r
the greatest amount of nour-
A ishment with least . possible A
\ work for the digestive organs. *
\ It is to the well a preventative \
f of an overtaxed stomach; de- f
f creasing the need for quantities f
of solid foods. jU>£>J>jtji&dii 4
!of The BEST Cocoa must be A
The BEST Cocoa must be A
a FRESH. Age, exposure, etc. a
\ causes loss of strength and *
f nourishing qualities. Ghirar- ▼
f delli's is made HERE — comes
I to you almost direct; £• is i
i FRESHEST, STRONGEST. a
J 30 cups for 25 cts. Jtjiji>j,j,j, \
1 Ask ioi^J'jf'^JtJijtjtjtjt ] "
Ghirardelli's *£
_COGDA^^e^|
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEAK.VYST. Established
| in 1854 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
| disease wearing on body and mind and
I Skin Diseases The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low
(urmsnarantrrd. Caliorwrit-J.
or. jr. i . wtKBOJI. Box. 1957. San JFraociawj,
1112
DINED AT A ROUND TABLE
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Jennings
Entertain the Officers of
the Colombo.
WILLIAMS-CHEFFERS NUPTIALS
The Jordan Musicale — Schoenwald-
Sands Wedding— The San Mateo
Fortnightly Meets.
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Jennings gave a de
lightful dinner last evening, in their pri
vate dinintr-room of the Hotel Oliver in
honor of the otlicers of the Christoforo Co
lombo, the Italian man-of-war at present
lying in the harbor.
The distinguished guests were seated at
a round table, beautifully decorated with
peach blossoms. Bow-knots of pink satin
ribbon marked the spaces between the
branches of the delicate blossoms, and
pink fairy lamps nestled in the foliage
and shed a soft light over the elegantly ap
pointed table.
An elaborate menu was discoursed.
Seated at the table were: Commander
Presbitero, Dr. M. Belli, Marquis Ig
nazio Ajmerich di Lacona, Lieutenant E.
Winspeare, Count Ghiberto Arribarbene,
Mine. Ziska. Miss Mary Stevenson, Miss
Blanche Winans, the Misses Edna and
Alice Lewis and Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Jen
nings.
The wedding of Miss Mollie Williams,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs J. \V. Williams,
ami Charles H. Cheffers was solemnized on
Saturday evening at 8:30 o'clock, at the
residence of the bride's parents, 1604 Guer
rero street.
Fragrant violets, calla lilies and ferns
decorated the handsome drawing-room.
The bay -window was converted into a fra
grant floral bower and, in honor of the
day, draped with stars and stripes. Here
the young couple stood while the Rev. E.
B. Stewart read the impressive marriage
ceremony that made them man and wife.
After the ceremony congratulations were
in order, and there were music and a gen
eral good time until midnight, wnen an
elaborate supper was served. The bride
wore a handsome gown of cream-white
satin, trimmed with point lace and orange
blossoms. She was attended by her
sister, Miss Maggie J. Williams, who
wore a modish gown of cream and brown
pinhead checked silk, elaborately trimmed
with lace. Joseph Siliman officiated as
best man.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. !
Charles H. cheffers, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Cheffers, Mr. and Mrs. John W. Williams, Mr. j
end Mrs. H. G. Fairchild, Mr. and Mrs. A. i
Knox, Mr. and Mrs. J. Gilbert, Mr.
an<l Mrs. Franks, Mr. and Mrs. T. H.
Tarry, Mr. and Mrs. R. Pengelly, Mrs. Thomas,
Mrs. t'rar.zenia, Miss Bertie Gilbert, Miss May
Parry, the Misses Emma, Millie, Lillian and ;
Maud Cheffers. Miss Minnie Pengelly, Miss '
Maggie William*, tllm Marion Ogilvie, Miss :
Nesbit, Miss EmuiaMcCallock, Miss Liz- j
zie Peniugton, Miss Annie Beaton, Miss B.Pen- I
peily; Ifenn. William and Joseph Williams, '
Joseph Gillman, Albert Williams, Joseph Wil- j
liams, William Flett, John Sparks, John and !
Hugh Williams, Wiliiam Cbeffers, Hugh Thor- i
as, Mr. Furnace, Captain Williams and Peter i
Beaton.
There was a delightful musicale given at the j
home of Mr. and Mrs. James C. Jordan on '
Wednesday of laist week. The evening was !
most enjoyable, the musical part of the pro- I
gramme being of particular excellence, while |
nothing had been overlooked in other ways ,
that would add to the pleasure of the guests.
Among those who contributed to the enter- I
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
Is races where the torses have co record at the distance to be run the records at the .next nearest
<!lstanre are given.
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile: f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a fcalf
since December 15, 1895.
; Best i
Ir,<irx. Name. Lbs record.
731 Model 102 1 :07»4
7'Jl Kedwill 107 1:01
725 Rebellion 98 l:l3V<j
709 Candor 102 1:42
721 Crawford 107 1:08
609 Romulus 115 '
7:J4 Seu. Hoffman.. 101
7X4 tiovernor Budd. 9:t l:oiy a
705 Verapua 98 :56
672 Dare Dollar... 96 1:03
645 Marionette , 96 1:01
704 j sleeping Chad.. 101 114
693 'Mlrambo 101.no rec.
721 Rey Alia. 104 1:02
Name.
. Best j
I^s re cord.
j Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
51,2 f 105 F. . California stable 'imp. Sir Modral-Gypsy
5 t : 98 F. . O. F. Johnson Jim Gore-War Banner
*6 f jlOtj F. . Waicott stable Peel-Imp. Mutiny
. 1 m 109 F. .T. Phillips :imp. Xiarebin-Miss Clay
: 61/3* jIOIF. . 'Antrim stable ; Apacbe-Emma Lonßtieid
1 1 : — Del Monie stable... Imp. Briuus-JJeauty
j ' D. J. Tobin Imp. Inverness- Dora
Jsf (106 F. . Woodlawn stable. .. 1 Fresno- Rosa G
4V% f 106 F. . Wo'lOlatdonough SinfKX-Partlsana
1 5 f 1 l'J H. G. B. Morris <fc Co. . Imp. Darebin-Trcde Dollar
!5f iior> F. ln^leside stable "' Imp. Mariner- Varane'te
l*6f ,109 F. ,IW. D. Randnll Child Mistf rin-<io-Braugh
! — — Ambrose & Miller.. El Rio Key-Question
5f 125 F. . Ira Ramsdell. Alta-Fannie D
BECOND RAi
furlongs; selling; two-year-olds.
I I Best
Index. 1 Name. Lbs record.
Flambeauette... 103Jno rec.
698 Orsono 106
732 Alma Dale 104
.710 st. Dan stan 1015!
710 Fanny 103 no rec.
(715) Col. Wheeler... 108 :49y 2
716 Lindenda'.e 101 so rec
732 JerHde.'io 103 ...... j
710 Iniileside 103 :52
729 P. Panther 103 no rec. 1
710 Vevo 106 ........
May R 103
Sister Modred.. 103
732 Claudia T 103
732 Jessie B. Davis. 'lo3 !
Name.
I !
Diet. Lbs
I j !
; ;;; ;;;;l
Va'm 103
i£m" 107
Tk. i Owner. Pedijtree.
; — , Ineleside stable ... ; Flamlvau-Fanny Lewis
J. 11. Shields. iOnondaga-Nettie Beatrice.
— Neil <fc Coney Ip. Midlo.thian-.Ldy Lelnster
W.OB. Slcdonou?h St. Carlo'-Marilee
— T. B. Sullivan Tyram-iiraciosa
F... BurnsiWaterliouse Imp. Midlothian-Agnes
.... J. Bobbins Lepacto-Queen Lyou
W. Karu Rathtone-Miss Melbourne
K-... B. Scbreiber Bishop- A menque
Odell stable Three Cheers-Ktta W
.... Lone stable 'Three Cheers-MissPickwick
< Almona stable Imp. Midlothian or Marten-
i hurst-Orinda
.... California stable.... Imp. sir Modred-sister to
Jim Douclass
.... 'T. Fox 'Flambeau-Precious
— D. J. Tobin i Racine- Bessie HooKer
J-...
! •• • .. I
THIRD
: handicap.
Index.
I I B>>et i ' I
ndex. Name. ; Lbs j record.! Dlst. Lbs Tk. j Owner. Pedigree.
699 St. Lee ' 95 1 :47^ 1 1-I6m] 66 F...T. G. Ferguson Imp. St. Georee-Levea
708 Wheel of Fortune 112 1:48V^1 Mtfm 105 F... J. Harvey Gauo-Jennle b'
706 Logan 120,1:57 lUOH..IA. Shields Voltiguer-Pert
70H 'Gnilfy 100 1:43 lm |8» F... 1 Westchester sUble .. Farondole -Satisfaction
(739) Peter II 103 1:47% 1 116 m 109 F... Elm wood stock farm. Im Brutus-Bonnie-Jean
719 Fred Gardner ,103 1:421^,1 m ;104 F... F. M. Taylor ;I/ke ßlackburn-Enfilade
I
Owner.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs: maidens; three-year-olds.
Best
Lbs record.
Owner.
Pedigree.
147 Snowdown 107
488 Moniallaiie.. ...1118 ....
..' San .Mai co 1112
663 Imp. Alien 1109
Beni:a 107 ....•-••
574 Mr. Heel.. 112
674 Jim Budd 10-!
7^B Piexotto 109
7-8 (Japan ; 109
72' !Hai»l I) 102
484 ISistrtoLotteryf 10-'
697 Agrippina ...'... 102
728 George C 104
TAX .\etile D........ 107
471 Brlijantlne 102
6-J6 iMissLiicy 102
Minx 107
*766 tinilla fi11y...... '107 ....
........
'.'.'.'. !!!'.'
■::±::\
:::::::
........
• i
i
El Pnmero stable Fitzjairus rhar.ty
B.C. Holley IMontana-Fiisillaae's last
P. Dunne.. !Bt. Blaise-Round Dance
A berdef n stable Ksterling-Al Men
fley Alphonso stable. Imp. Cyrus- BesHie Hooker
I. A. Honig Reel
Neil & Coney IPrince of .'.orfolk-Paralee
R. W. Robens jimp. Brut us- by Kelpie
M. T. Donovan 'Lin<len-KU See' Ess
B. schreiber (ito Kinney-Fllta.way
!J • Kcrr. i p. Trod.'wind-HrtoLottery
i\V. OB. Macdonongb Knterprise-China Rose
J. Garrity Bramble- Lad y Ixiu
11. Pope Apache- \ irgia II
J. Waish :Imp. Marinor-Cimltar*
H. Floyd |Red Iron-Mollie Watkins
H. J. Jones :M ilncr- Bianca
J. C. Humphrey Ist. Carlo-(Jniila
I
• Old index.
TIFTH RACK— One mile: selling; Inside course.
Index.
Name.
1 Best ■
Lbs record. Dlst.
Tk.
.Pedigree.
722 HvDy 101 1:4184 j 92 F...
637 Allahabad Wl:9*iZ\7t 'PS 11..
627 Two Cheers..... IUIjI:OSvS 51A I 107 1...
716 Koad Runner... 108 1:41 3, i 1 m 104 F... :
739 K. H. Sherley.. 104 I:S2y 3 !7 104 H. .
624 Artlcus 104 1:66 1 l/ m 09 Fa. :
b92 Catch Km 105jl :l!4V 2 SI ', 107 11..
7»ri i£ lnba ' 1 !10l!l:18^ 4 .6f 109 F...
7123 Hc(J Root .. 101<l:44V 2 1 m 105 F..'
COB Ke-an 96 l:3OVi 7f • 109 F...-
-(780) vottesto 118 1:33^ 7f 123'K...
728 Currency 101 ....... . I
730 Nr-lIIMI 99 I:Siy 7f '98! Fa.
610 jSwlftsure 101|l:08V4'5iA f 98 F
727 IkeL. l 99 1 :2'2 i/j ! 61,4 f ! 94|F...
659 May Pay.: 104! 1:44 !7« I 102 H?;
621 ißedCfcief. ;iOl co rec ....:..,.";.
J. H. Shields Hyder AIl-Addie Warren
W. D. Randall Hvder Ali-F:ori<le
Owen Brothers "Ihree Clieers-Liwiy Kmma
Antrim stable foe Imniels-Miss Hooker
F. Brown — , Bonnie Hrov.n-Dispatch
P. Archibald \A rgyle-Glenloct
Mokolumne stk fm Irrsp.Midluthian-LlttleFlush
IS. A. Lewis Joe Hook'pr-Kachael
C Parker Imp. London -Cameo
R Dwyer ; Fabulous- N>ttie R
Woo'Mawii stable. . Hycler Ali- Vlsnlla
P. Hlldreth Imp. Greenback Acqulto
G.B. Morri3 <& Co. . Sainpson-lTnkiiown
A. H. Small Col orna- Laura D
Garden City stable. Major Ban-Miss Flush
A. P. Miller jiohn A-Lowena R
T. i.umly ; Red Iron-Maggie D
SIXTH
and a half furlones; selHnc.
Iridex.' Name.
487 Imp. Ctter. i
738 Dare |
721 Hyman
TS7 Laura F 1
739 'Mollle R I
649 Harry Lewis '
580 Phyllis
617 Imp. Autonomy
323 *Primmie
727 Rodegap
727 Sir Edward ;
685 iOennett Edwds.
716 Fleet !
675 I Myron |
I Best
J Lbs record. '
110
118
11211:08
94 1:01
107 l:4Si/ 9
110 1:131 i
96 1:03 "
110 !
>6 :501£
10911:16
: 109, uo rec >
107 1:1514;
112 .......:
104 l:08Va.
Dlst.
I !
to:
i 5 i
1 m I
*6!
5 t -'-
Lbs
....
107
JTk.i Owner. | Pedigree.
— [Sycamore stable. ...Marline Henry-Tralla
'• Krnae ]lmp. Darebin-Carrie C
£~. T. F. Lynch !Himyah-Maggle B
t.. R. >-chr.il>er Treniont-SalMe Jlagan
f, a •• Roblins Imp. Mariner-Cantenac
■'••■ •'• Maddox j Versallles-i'ouslu Kate
*"••• •>• "arrott Imp. Trade Wind-Daisy S
■ -.. < . Hurlmgame ! Cen Stanfor.i-Fiunja
b... KO'Konrke At ache-Linda Vista
_*... J. M. Buckley , H. OFallon-Mattie Walker
ii"|i A - Groer jUirdcatcher-Hnrnct
F... T. Colston H. Edwards-Gennett Pride
i \\ elrome stable. . . . Illermev-Cnknown
I-... I. Ramsdell Ip.Midlothian-by Great iom
Owner.
Pedigree.
\w\
102
101
j«f-
-|iOs
[*&'*' \
m
• Formerly LluCa Vista fllly.
tainment were: Mrs. Hinrlchs.Mrs. Bassett of
New York, Mrs. Gruenhai?en, Alfred Wilkie, J.
J. Morris, Mr. Biggerstaff. Mrs. Ernest Palmer,
Miss Partridge and Mr. Wendell and the Cali
fornia Quartet. Miss Higbygave a recitation
charmingly. This is the second of what will
be a very successful series of musicales given
by Mr. and Mrs. Jordan.
A unique music«le la to be given Thursday
evening in Hayw&rrts. There are to be read
ing from Tennyson, Dickens and Anthony
Hope, with incidental vocal music. The affnir
is to be under <he direction ot" Alfred Wilkie,
the well-known tenor. He is to be assisted by
Mrs. Eva Tenney, soprano; Miss Charlotte
(iruenhagen, solb violinist; the California
Male Quartet, consisting of C. F. Wendell, first
tenor; Dr. EL W. Smith, second lenor; Harry
A. Melvin, first bass; E. G. Mcßain, second
bnss. Miss Mabel Husseyis to give the read
ings. Miss Maud L. Davis will be the pianist
and accompanist of the evening.
The home of the Sehoen'.vnlds, G27 McAllis
ter street, was the scene of a very charming
wedding on February 16, in which the eldest
daughter. Miss Lena Schoenwald, w&s united
in marriHge to Robert J. Sands by Rev. J.
Fuendeling. The bride \vas:gowned in white
brocaded satin.' tri mcd with point lace and
orange blossoms, and carried a bunch of bridal
ro.ses. The bridesmaid. Miss Oscar, wore pale
blue silk and carried La France roses, and the
maid of honor, Miss Sands, wore white silk
and carried La France roses. After the cere-,
mony had been pet formed the guests ad
journed to partake of a sumptuous sapper, at
which Colonel A. Andrews acted as toast
master. Over 100 guests participated in the
happy event and drank to the health and wel
fare of the happy couple. The young people
received numerous ana costly presents.
Those present were: Colonel und Mrs. An
drews, Thomas Sands Sr., Mr. and Mrs. O.
Schoeuwald.Mr.and Mrs. F. Markpraf,Mr. Msrk
graf Sr., Mrs. E. Beran. Mr?. W. E. Cook, Mrs.
C. Grenz, Mr. ana Mrs. Garrod, Mr. and Mrs.
C. W. Petry, Mr. and Mrs. J. Beran. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Killien. Mr. and Mrs. A. Fisher, Mr.
and Mrs. C. Wahl, Mr. and Mrs. Herbst, Mr.
aud Mrs. Ewald, Mr. and Mrs. Bauingarten,
Jessie Garrod, Eth;»l Petry, Louise Gerstner,
Ethel Nash, Thomas Sands Jr., Mr. Beck. E.
Schoenwald, P. Schoenwald, Leo Garrod, A.
Garrod, Mr. Adler, 6. A. Frontner, Mr. Alpen,
G. Bush, A. Davis, A. Stark, F.. A. Christmas,
Philip Jacobvies, L. Jacoby, Max Herzog, Sam
Jacobi, H. Edwald, T. Edw'ald, Captain O'Niel,
J. Wolf, M. Cann, Mrs. Potter, Mr. and Mrs.
Fry, Mr. and Mrs. Meade, Mr. and Mrs. Stroh
meier, Mr. and Mrs. Cronin. Mr. aud Mrs.
Gerstner, Mr. and Mrs. Barner, Mrs. Frontner,
Mrs. Walter, the Misses P.Oscar, the Misses
Sands, Louise Schoenwald, Birdie Grenz,
Hattie Fisher, G. Herbst. Mr. Freiman. Mr.
Potter, Mr. Berry, the Misses Beran, Lizzie
Ewald.
The Willing Workers' Circle, King's Daugh
i ters, connected with the Simpson Memorial
| Methodi?t Episcopal Church, gave a delight
j fill social and entertainment at the residence
| of Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer DeWitt, corner of
< Oak and Webster streets, on Friday evening.
: The spacious parlors and halls we re. crowded
■ with the friends of this charitable organiza-
I Uou. The decorations were daintily arranged
; with sniilax, flowers and branches loaded with
I oranges. Nearly all the members of the circle
j wore white evening dresses with corsage of
violets, find looked very charming. The fol
lowing ladies compose the circle:! |Mrs. J. B.
' Robinson (president), Mrs. John Stephens, Mrs.
.Dormer Walsh, Mrs. Julia Davidson. Miss
I Francis Weldon. Miss Laura Williams, Miss
j Delia Delano, Miss Effie W.ishburn, Miss Lizzie
i Martin9tine, Miss Clara Williams, Miss Anna
f" sell. Miss Laura Gilleland, Miss Gertie
s, Miss Cora Delano, Miss Gussie Jantzen,
Gussie Menke, Miss Nellie Johns, Miss
a Goodsell.
res time ts were served in the dining hall
\ handsome sum realized for chanty,
ig those present were the following:
)r. and Mrs. John Stephens, Rev. Dr. and
Mrs. W. W. Case, Captain and Mrs. Charles
tioodall, Mr. and Mrs. M. DeWitt, Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Golcher. Dr. and Mrs. F. C. Pegue, Mr.
and Mrs. J. B Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Owens, Mr. and Mrs. E. w. Strange, Dr. and
Mrs. H. M. Logan, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Briggs,
Mr. and Mrs. H. O. Steams. Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Newbegin, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Humphreys, Mr.
ami Mrs. W. O. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. H. Mo-
Intosh, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Remington. Mr.
and Mrs. F. BuckmaD. Mr. and Mrs. W. Wool
cock. Professor and Mrs. Don Pardee Riggs,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Lashman, Mr. and Mrs. Dormer
Walsh, Mr. ana Mrs. E. A. Horn. Mr. and Mrs.
L. Carroll, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. White, Mr. and
Mrs. L- Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Allen,
Mr. and Mrs. Felton Taylor, Mr. and Mrs.
L. B. Sibley, Miss Frances Weldon,
Miss Effie Wash&urn, Mrs. J. R. McGuffick,
Ifin Gussie Menke. Mrs. W. H. Hail, Mrs. M.
Humphreys, Miss Irene Humphreys, Miss L.
Hodson, Miss Sadie De Witt, Miss Helen Hurt,
Miss Lulu Lewis, Miss E. B. Lloyd, Mrs. J.
Peters, Mrs. M. Ackley, Miss I. Gibson,
Miss Annie Gross, Mrs. J. H. Duncan,
Miss B. Dick, Mis 3 Annie Coyne,
Miss Katie Whetzle, Mrs. L. Kain, Mrs. R'ose
crans, Mrs. M. E. Baker. Mrs. L. Vechte, Miss
Vechte, Mrs. L. J. Wnshburn, Mrs. E. M. Berg
strom. Dr. Nat T. Coulson, W. F. Harris, Clyde
Harris, J. H. Seaburv, Homer Henley, G. R.
Henley, James F. Case. E. D. Wolfe, W. R.
Wolfe, Mortimer C. De Witt, Forest Wyraan, A.
A. Briggs, Frank Lewis, Harry Collins, Ralph
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
Strange. Frank Robinson, Walter Nicholson, i-
Harry Clarke, J. 11. Snowden, H. P. Shedd,
Richard Jantzen, J. C. Cone, W. Childs, J. D.
Fraser, Mrs. V. McKenzie, Mrs. F. S. Laferty, '
Mrs. M. L. Reed, Miss R. Luce.
The literary and musical residents of San j
Mateo, associated under the title of "The Fort- !
nightly," held their thirty-third meeting at !
the charming residence of J. R. Carrick on '
Thursday evening. The programme was pre- ;
pared by Mrs, and Miss Carrick, ana was of un- !
usual excellence throughout.
Mrs. J. H. Doane exhibited an admirable '
techniqufe in uer rendering of a sparkling
pianoforte solo of G. B. Mills', founded on \
popular melodies. Mrs. George Wallace, in a '■
humorous paper, told how Olyrnpusville ,
founded a Parthenon wherein it considered j
and condemned the conduct of Adam. George ;
A. Kertell gave a good rendering of Bee- :
thoven's classic song, "Adelaide." Then fol- ■
lowed a gracefully written and pathetic tale of ■
love and self-sacrifice, entitled, "Greater Love
Than This," the composition of Mrs. James
Otis Lincoln of .San Mateo. This tale was very i
nicely read by Miss Grace Lawrence. Miss i
Clara Paulin and Miss Ella Carriek played "On j
the Meadows," one of Mme. Rive-King's popu- ,
lar pianoforte duets. Miss M. E. Winslow reud
a devotional poem, "Domine quo Vadis," writ
ten by her after visiting the Apiiia Via and i
Church of .St. Sebastian, near Rome. The '
songs, "Auf Wiedersehen" (Liebe) aud "D.'ar
Little Maid" (De Koven), were sung by George
A. Kertell. G. W. Dickie gave some amusing
remiuiscences of Scottish character in "The
Thrums" district, showing that J. M. Barrie
has not exaggerated the -quaintness of the
people.
At the close of the programme the president,
G. W. Dickie, announced that he was üboutto
sail on an extended visit to Japan and asked j
that some one be appointed in tm place. Mrs. i
George Wallace was elected president by ac- j
clamatlon. It was decided to" have the next I
meeting at St. Margaret's School, and Mrs- |
Wallace and Mrs. W. H. Paulin were appointed
a committee on programme. Among those
present were: Rev. A. L. Brewer, D.D.,Rey.
F. V. Jones, Mrs. George Wallace, Mrs. Philip 1
Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Dickie, Mr. and :
Mrs. J. R. Carrick, Mrs. Ella Carrick, Mr. and i
Mrs. D, F. Walker, Mrs. Clements, Miss Man
ning, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Paulin, Miss Cia:a
Paulin, Fred Paulin, Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Don
neiiy, Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Harmon, Mr. and I
Mrs. George A. Kertell, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Doane, Miss M. E. Winslow, Miss Grace Law
rence, Miss Mabel Lawrence, Mrs. .Nice, Mrs.
F. T. Ferree, Cornelius Christ, L. H. Fuller,
Everett Fuller, C. N. Kirkbride, William !
Dickie, A. J. Dickie, G.W.Dickie Jr. , James I
Dickie, William S. Jack.
Aqua Pura Social Club tendered a most en
joyable surprise on -Friday evening to Mr. and
>lrs. Jesse Fawcett at their home. The time
was rendered particularly enjoyable by the
several contributions ol the talent present.
The event was also made the occasion of a pre
sentation to the newly married couple of a
beautifully decorated dinner set. The follow
ing were present: Miss Dolores Davis, Miss
Isabel Lewis, Miss Julia Beniield, Miss Bertha
Wallace, Misses Hattieand Nellie Krieger, Mi^s
M. C. Jewell, Messrs. Charles Groat, George
Bohm, Harry Simard, George Hatcher, Girard
Wils, James Lockie, Al Ogg and Mr. and Mrs.
Je;>Be Fawcett.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of the G. A.
R., held their annual valentine party on last
Tuesday evening, February 18, in Social Hall,
Alcazar building. A short and interesting pro
gramme was rendered and dancing was kept
up until a late hour. Mrs. Watson had charge
oi the refreshments, which added financially
to the entertainment. The hall was tastefully
decorated. The circle has taken a new lease
of life under the new officers. Mrs. M. K.
Willis, the new president, a very lovely and !
dignified lady, imparts energy and vim to the !
circle under her guidance. The circle contein- j
plates giving a leap-year ball in the near fu- :
ture.
A very pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Emma M. Austin on Thursday evening.
February 20, at her home, 26? 2 Zee street, the
following being present: The -Misses Alice and
Nellie Rode, Miss Mabel Ferris,, Miss Nellie
Morton, Miss Teresa Rafty, the Misses Edna
and Hazel Nelson, Miss Lolie Beradas, the
Misses Carrie and Etta Austin, tne Misses
Mamie and Maggie Casey. Miss Mubel Burge,
Miss Jenette Robtnson, Miss Annie Neugard,
Miss Annie Bocanle, Miss Christna Austin,
Miss Queenie McCarthy, Miss K.r.ia Nelson,
Miss Annie Cook, Miss Pearl Parker, Miss, Edith
Austin, Miss Flora Austin, Miss Nora Hearney,
Miss Rossi Delavare, Mrs. M. Wilson, Mrs. M.
Parnow, Mrs. V. Wright, Mrs. Hillman, Mrs.
McCormick, Charles Houser, Willie McGuire,
Albert Beradas, Percy Wright, Albert Collins,
Artie Comber, Frank Alceago, Frank Parnow,
Neddie Austin, Frank Austin, Willie Wilson.
Mrs. I. M. Conn announces the engagement
of her daughter Dora to William Wolff. They
will be at home at 1007 Pierce street, Sunday,
March 1.
ROYALTY AT BURLINGAME
Prince Louis of Savoy Has a
Grand Day of Sport oa
Horseback.
He Lost the Prize Cup Because He
Could Not Navigate Properly
on Shore.
Prince Luigi, Duke of Abruzzi and
lieutenant of the Christoforo Colombo, put
in a grand day at Burlingame yester
day. The fact that his Royal Highness
was to be the guest of the club had the ef
fect of bringing out the full membership,
together with many invited guests. The
day was all that could have been expected
in sunny Italy, and nothing occurred to
mar the exciting events of the day.
The grounds looked as beautiful as on a
May day, and the racecourse and polo
grounds were in perfect condition.
In the forenoon the good right hand of
the Prince was given considerable exercise
from a handshaking point of view, but he
bore it with the fortitude of a combination
nobleman and mariner.
The lirst event of the day was a steeple
chase for the Prince's cup, valued at $750.
His Royal Highness mounted the thor
oughbred charger Galloping Dick. Henry
Simpkins was astride of Alladin, Walter
McCreary rode Barbara and Mr. Hinshaw
sat well on Li Hung Chang.
The chase was a hot one from start to
finish, the Prince leading all the time.
Not being as good a navigator on land as
upon water, he went off the course three
points to starboard and, though coming in
first, 'was disqualified by the judges.
Simpkins came in second, and he was dis
qualified for the same reason. Therefore,
McCreery was awarded the race and the
cup and Mr. Henshaw was given thd sec
ond place.
However, Louia of Savoy was satisfied
with coming in ahead more than if he had
won the cup.
The judges who acted for the committee
were \V. H. Howard and J. B. Crockett.
A lively match race was between Mr.
Lawson on Williamson's Blucher and
Captain on the Club's Chance. The for
mer won easily.
The day's sport ended with a grand dis
play at polo, in which the Prince was an
active and creditable participant, and was
not inferior to some of the experienced
club members.
In the evening & banquet was served, at
which a large company sat down.
Xoah's wife is sfti«i by Armenians to be
buried on Mount Ararat, and the Arme
nians traqe their ancestry back to Japliet
in onu long eenea logical tree. They have
a tradition that the Garden of Eden was
located in Armenia.
SAN FRANCISCQ "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco Cai.l^.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
niglit In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
M 0 Hayos street, o^en until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
ontii 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. . Nt>'ljt.j: «>«• ;,i.£T.
Str^KING^SOLC^ION.'S LODGE NO, •
I*--©' ti6o, F. and A. M., corner Geary and ' JfK
Steiner sts.— Called meeting Tills (MON-T?3T ;
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third r^T^
degree. ' By order of the Master. ■' •
■ . • • HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. "■
B^SS 3 OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 352, F. « .".
EsS" and- A. M,— ed meeting Tills «\ ■
(MONDAY)' EVENING, ■ February 24. at TT 2f
7 o'clock sharp. . Third Decree. By order of 'MJ^ •
W.M. ■■ : ■■;•■ - KDW. F. DKIiGKK, Sec* ,;
gfr^= "CLAN.NA NAN OAIDHEAL v tSr^T
fcMS" anOunillbh a chelle"— San Fran- 3V, |S i*3
cico Scottish TJiistle Club— Special meet- ''(Jxl^V
mc THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, Fob- ' Vsgj*
ruary 24, at 8?; o'clock. A v full • attendance re-
quested. Business of much importance.
- .1. D. COULIJ3, Royal Chief.
, G. W. Pateesos, Recorder. •' .- •
MEETING NOTICES-Contintied.
s_^=» RICHMOND DISTRICT; MASS-MEET-
"w^^ Ing. protesting • against bituminlsjirig Ninth
avenue: Mohrnianii's Hall, Clement St., near Fifth
aye., TUESDAY EVENING, under auspices of
1 pint .Lrobos Improvement Club. / ■ .
jj!KS= ■ THE 118TII ANNIVERSARY OF g :
"~~*f the birth of Robert Emmet will. be / A
celebrated on arch 4bra grand* musical
and literary entertainment under the aus-^W^
pices of the Knights of the Red Branch at Metro-
politan Temple. HO.- . M. M. ESTEE, chairman.
Oration by .HON. JOHN F. FINJSRTY of Chi-
cago. Reserved seats can . be secured at Deasy
Eros.' new store. 20 Sixth st., near Market.
ISPS 3 A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
'ar-^ oersof the Builders" Exchange will be held
on MONDAY. February 24. l#9ri, at 1 o'clock p.m.
at 40 New Montgomery St., San Francisco, for the
purpose of considering:
■■ Nominations of candidates for . board of ;
directors. ; . ■ - .
Second— Report of committee on by-laws. ' "'
Third— Consideration of Chan of entrance from
new Monuomcry-sLS'ilp to Mlssion-st. , side. By
order of the board. OSCAR LEWIS, President.
J as. A. Wilson, Secretary. ■ ■ ■ •
jjjj^jS 3 AX^XUALTIEEMfXG— THE REGULAR
\*-& annual meet- rig ot stockholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the comnanv, 327 Market street, San Francisco, 1
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., for. the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the mooting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
RSB- NOTICE— OWING TO THE PREVAL-
Kfe-*' ence of scarlet fever in many parts of the
city the friends of the children In the San Fran-
cisco Protestant Orphan Asylum will not be allowed
to visit them as customary on friends' day, Friday.
Feb. 28, for fear of bringing the contagion. Good
health prevails at the institution now and the desire
is to maintain It. By order of the President.
|jr^» MISS GRACE LESLIE-WOULD LIKE A
!»*»'.■ position as an artist's model. 215 Post St.,
room 8. ...
tfc^Sp MANICURE— MLLE. LOUISE ROLLIN,
ll^- from Paris, and FRIDA SCHONSIGEL,
from Berlin. 212 Ellis st. .
1 Bt_s=» PROF. KNOTT, magnetic healer
gg ; - y and life-reader. . 1077 Market stw
(ijPSS 3 MME.MERANDA, 17 grant aye.,
»-* y parlor 1; vapor and electric baths. .
IKSS 1 ' RIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW
j »-" every niKht cor. Market ana Sixth sts. : artis-
tic advertisements In living lißht: promoters of
I business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 11 _0 .Market.
i Jt_^= > .BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
Of— s '- Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 6680.
Kjß» WINDOWS CLEANED and FLOORS
arJ!r scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
-aniages guaranteed. C. ROSSI A CO.. 242 Sutter.
JK2?* EVA GOLDSTEIN— GIVES LESSONS* N
I*-* * ■ the autoharp. Parlor 2, 120 a Eddy st.
■fr_gfi= MM K. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
O-- 7 Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
BKS 3 CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
JF-^ THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. .
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
AT MURRAY & READY'S EMPLOYMENT
offices, 634-636 Clay st., 130 competent girls
and women awaiting situations, city and country.
Send us your orders and we will send you good
help, Phone Main 6848. • „
ITUATION WANTED BY TWO COMPETENT
Swedish glrU for cooking and general house-
! work, $25: and young girls for general housework,
$12 to $15. lIV 2 Anionia st., oft* Jones, nr. Ellis.
F ADIEN CAN FIND FIRST-CLASS HELP OF
1- all nationalities, city or country, by calling, ad-
dressing or telephoning Miss CU"LLEN, 323 bat-
ter st.: telephone main 6520. . -
SUPERIOR GERMAN COOK DESIRES SlTU-
ntion: 3 years last place; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sinter St.; tel. main 5520. *
WIDOW WAN SITUATION; CITY OR
»" country; good cook, baker and laundress; or
working housekeeper's position; Protestant; ref-
erences. Call 419 Minna St., near Fifth.
1 M M AT ELY WANTED— SITUATION
X with American Protestant elderly people; city
hotel or hot springs. - Please call at 783 1/3 Market
St.. room 11, bet 9 and 4, or send postal, MRS. M. £..
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WISHES A SlTfTA-
tlon to do housework in a small family; will
go a short distance in the country. 314 Jessie st.
CIOMPi_'iENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
)of housework by the day. Apply at staiionery-
stors, 540 Bush st., cor. Stockton.
TRONU, YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN
0 wants any kind of housework by the day. Call
or address M. G., 626 Howard st.
TITO MAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO WASH-
»» ing and housecleauine by the day. 1205 Turk
St., cor. Steiner, upstairs.
"YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE POSITION FOR
X light housework and plain cooking. Please call
or address 138 Clara st. •
"Y'-'UNG. GIRL WANTS A PLACE TO DO
J- housework. 947 Bryant st. ■
p-ERMAN GIRL; PLAIN COOK AND GEN-
VJ eral housework. 1313 Stockton st.
RESSJIAKKK, ACCUSTOMED TO BEST
J-^ worlf, wishes a few select customers by the day:
terms moderate: perfect fit and Parisian styles.
Address '-'Hie Ivauhpe," 1002 Polk st.
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WANTS SlTUA-
tlon as cook or do general housework; city or
country will ko out by the day. 418 Post st.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES WORK
X in American family: will take care of children
or do housework. Call 1029 Howard st.
KRMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day: is experienced in washing. ironing and
j honsecleaning; reference. 211V2 sixth st.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN DESIRES WASH-
ing, ironing and housecleuning by the day.
1 444 Minna st.
YOUNG GIRL 'WISHES SITUATION TO
X do light housework; wages $10 a month. Call
at 724 Harrison st. •
STRONG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
do general housework; a good, plain cook. Call
757b Folsom st. ': .
p EKM ANGIRL WOULD LIKE TO DO HOUSE-.
VJ work and cooking; wages $18. _13V_i Nine-
ti-'ntli St., nr. Valencia. ■
tsxperience d~nurse wishes situa-
-Li tion; is capable of taking charge of infant or sick
person; is willing (0 assist with general housework
or' sewing; cist of city reference. Address W. 8.,
box 31, Call Office.
PESPKCTABLE GIRL WISHES ROOM AND
Xt board In exchange for services; place where
she can be away from 9 to 4: only respectable per-
sons need answer. -Address G. \V\, box 106, Call.
1 > ESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL, GOOD COOK,
XV wishes situation to do light housework in pri-
vate family; country preferred. Please call 55
Second st. - •
p ERMAN LADY TO. DO GENERAL HOUSE-
Vx work or as housekeeper or nurse: wage. $10 to
$12 a month. Call- 111 Twenty-sixth; Dr. Mission.
TJVXPERIEN AND PRACTICAL STENOG-
XJ rapher wishes permanent position, or will do
piecework at prices to suit patrons; translations
from French and Spanish, or vice versa. Address
CAR MEL, box 108, Call office.
VOUKO WOMAN WISHES- POSITION IN
X' private family to do housework. Address 9. Page.
V RESPECTABLE PROTESTANT GIRL, TO
do second work: across the bay preferred. Ad-
ply by letter, a., 627 Hayes St., city. ■■-.■-.- •
Pompete'ntTwoma' ""wants work by
\J thejday: washing, housecleaning or moving.
Address 654 Jessie st.l (rear), bet. Seventh and
Eighth. ' . .
1/"XPi RIENCED DRESSMAKER WANTS EN-
■> gagenients by day in families; terms, $1 75 a
day. Address 13 Oak st.
pERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY TH_
* ' day washing, Ironing or housecleanlng or charn-
berwork in lodging-house. Call or - address 612
Minna st. '. .
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
' '» washing, cleaning house or moving. Address
24 Verona st., off Third, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
"I ADY WANTS SEWING BY THE DAY, OR
XJ would take work home. 275 > Sixteenth st. ■
YV IDOVV, 38 YEARS OLD, UN IN CUMBERED,
'" wishes position as housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Address H. X., box 71, Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED RELIABLE WOMAN (GER-
man) wishes a place to do housework: city or
country. Address Prescott House, cor. Kearny
and Pacific sts. • : . -~_~,- ■■-.:.
YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN WISHES PLACK
X in respectable family would like to care for
child 20 months old. Address M., box 26, Call
Office, Oakland. . .
REFINED YOUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUA-
Jt tion as housekeeper. 1020 Market St., r. la,
opposite Fifth. i r. - : . " -'"-
- GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WOIIK
X by the day, washing or housecleaning; $1 50 a
day. Address 67 Clementina St., rear.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; excellent cook. 1148 Sutter st.,
j room _1. ■ ■■: ■ : .':■■■ ; : :".;.? - - '■ -. ! - .; ; ; ,
I DEgPECTABIJE 1 MIDDLE - AGED LADY;
XV with daughter, wishes position *>s housekeeper:
references if required. • Gall or address 4i/a Y'erbu
Buena, bet. Taylor and -Mason, off Clay. .
IRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY.TO
do dressmaking and plain sewing. ) Send postal
to 9351/2 Howard St., room 5. t
.YOUNG. WOMAN WITH: TRADE WOULD
X like housewo k few hours daily, morning and
evening, for her board and $1.60 a week. Address
431V'2 Hayes st. : -;-.-.-.;
OMPET E N T' FIRST DRESSMAKER
wants to take full charge of dressmaKing estab-
lishment la" country town; 'highest references.
Call or address C. It., 1838 Valencia st. , .:■■■; -.■.;..■•.*;■-.;
GENTLEMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE
VX at room 22, 105 Stockton st. ? . '.
YOUNG WOMEN FROM THE COUNTRY
X would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission st., nr. Eighth, room 15. second floor.
EFINKD YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PO-
sltion as housekeeper. 203 Powell St., room 6.
V OUNO SPANISH LADY WISHES HOUSE-
keeper's position. Room 15, 120 Geary st. '
Tir I N C II KST X R HOUSS, 44 THIRD STTrNRT
■ •' Market; 200 rooms - 25c to *1 60 per night:
$1 60 to $8 per week ; convenient Mid resi*>ctabl« :
free bus to and from the icrry. '
PJTrATIONS WANTED-Continnert.^
"V7"ISITIXG' GOVERNESS, AN' EXPERI-
V enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call. .
4 MERICAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
jt\- wa>;ts situation. Call or address 9 Mastlck
terrace, Alameda.' . '
LADY WISHES A POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper. 215 a Post st., room 15. ..______
SITUATIONS V\VAi-.fKL»-dIAt.E;.
1") C. O. COOK'S SOU. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches :shori notice. i 4 ' tearv. tel.Gran- 46. .
UNTKR <fe CO.. CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese emploj-ment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 23L-
JAPANESE employment office PR<>
O vides best help. 314b Sutter St.; tel. Grant 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414y 8 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
poMPETENT MAN ABOUT GENTLEMAN'S
v^ place; thorougnly understands care and driv-
ing hors 8: good gardener: can milk; handy with
tools: California references. Address A. S., box
123, Call. ,
Oil U ATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
k_> houseman In a private- family: thoroughly
understands his business; best references. H. M.,
box 92, a.l Office.
("1 ARDEXER, .COACHMAN. GOOD MILKER,
vJT desires work In private household: .cood refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 88, Call Office.
{ 1 ERMAN MAN AND WIFE, ONE CHILD, DE-
VJ sire situations: man understands care horse*,
handy with tools: wife good cook and housekeeper.
C. FERCHLAND. 220 Third St., room 69.
■ YOUNG MAN," EXPERIENCED " IN~BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting, desires •>
position. Address J. 8., box 148, Call Office.
\\r ANTED- POSITION AS MANAGER OF
*' fruit or stock ranch; understands shipping
and drying thoroughly; irrigation a specialty; can
handle slock on ranch and range; best of refer-
ence given and required. Address F. G., box 24,
Call Office. • •
A LL-P.OUND AD. AND JOB MAN WANTS
■T_ position; city preferred ; soberand industrious;
has 'amily; best references given. Address Job,
box 64, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
O as porter in wholesale house or saloon or any
other kind of work; references. A. HELLSTROM,
209 Seventh st, :-..••-
-SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
0 man as Janitor or night-watchman: can handle
mechanics' tools;' best references. Address G. W.,
box 98. Call Office. .
pARDENER — MIDDLE - GERMAN
VJ wishes situation; thoroughly understands
greenhouse and care of private place. Address
Gardener, box 68, Call.
BY FIRST AND second COOK FOR HOTEL
or chophouse. C. R., box 56, Call Office.
WORK OF ANY KIND; ELECTRICIAN BY
trade. Address E. 8., box 93, Call Office.
COMPOSITOR wants position ON coun-
try paper: can report or solicit experienced;
good references. Address Rustler, box 65, Call.'
pARDENER, GENERALLY USEFUL, UN-
tJ derstands care of horses, can milk; city
references; moderate wages.' Address P. M., 624
Twelfth St., Oakland. •
AKER, FOREMAN, WANTS WORK AS
such: city, or country; reliable man; refer-
ences. Address Baker, 309 Third st., Oakland.
MAN AND . WIFE WANT SITUATION;
man understands gardening and stock; woman
thorough housekeeper; would take charge of room-
ing house. H. E.,box 70, Call Office, Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED — SURVEYOR AND
' civil engineer: 6 years' experience with one of
the largest constructing firms in the United States;
bridges, trestles and concrete forms a specialty.
Address Engineer, box 69, Call Office.
* DVERTISr.R, HOLDING HIGHEST CRE-
t\ dentials, offers $60 to any one procuring him
permanent employment as bookkeeper in repu-
-.hie establishment. Alpha, box 67, Call.
FEM ALK HELP WAS TED. .
WANTED-GERMAN UPSTAIRS~gTrITaS-
" sist with a child, $20, see lady here at 9 to-day :
French chambermaid and sewing, $20; Invalid's
nurse. $20; 2 nurses, $20; cook, plain wash, $26,
see lady here at 10:30 to-day: 3 cooks. German
style, $25, $30 and *35; 3 waitresses and cham-
bermaids, hotels, etc.. $20; 2 cooks, restaurant ana
boarding-house,' $30 and $7 week; hotel chamber-
maid, no waiting, and others. J. F. CROS.ETT &
CO.. 312 Suiter st.
\\r AITRF.SS SMALL RESTAURANT NEAR
»» city; 916 and room. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
STRONG WOMAN COCK ON RANCH: $15
and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary si.
1 A WAITRESSES COUNTRY HOTELS; $20.
±U C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
ERMAN UPSTAIRS GIRL, $20: 3 GERMAN
VJT houseglrls, $20, and a number of young girls to
assist. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED — WOMAN COOK, $9 TO $10 A
•»» week ; 2 waitresses, 95 a week; lady ironers,
$9 to $10 a week; lady starchers, $12 a week; 10
houseglrls, $20 per month ; 11 bousegirls, $15 per
month: 2 nursefirls, $10 and $12 per month.'
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
QECONDGIRL, SANTA CRUZ7S~2S; GERMAN
O nurse, 1 child, $15; 2 second girls. $20 and $25;
nurse, $20; 12 young girls, $20 and $25; 10 youn:;
gir:s, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Mutter st. :-.--•
T>EFINED NURSE TO TRAVEL, $25;
XV nurse, one child, city, $25. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st."
"VTURSE, SANTA BARBARA, S3O. MISS CUL-
ii LEN, 323 Sutter st.
AUNDRESS, $25: COOK, $30; NURSE, 930.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
\ EAT IRISR GIRL HOUSEWOBK; $15 TO
IN $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st,
HOUSEWORK GIRL. BELVIDERE~S2S7~2
XX In family, San Mateo, $25, and other terms.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
COOK, STOCKTON, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ' .
\IT AN TED-GOVERNESS, 2 GROWN CHIL-
» » dren, $25; German or Scandinavian laundress,
825; laundress for restaurant. $25: 2 French nurses,
$20; French second girl, $20; 3 German cooks,
$30 and $25; 2 French cooks, $20; girls for house-
work and assist. LEON AXD REV 315 Stockton st.
TRiIsUOR GERMAN COOK, PLAIN COUNTRY
X hotel, $20: waitress, small hotel near city, $15:
mother and daughter, small hotel, $25 : girls and
women for good situations. Call on MURRAY &
HEADY. 634 Clay, st.
O GERMAN COOKS, $26 AND $30; SECOND
O girl, $20: 2 young nursegiris. $12 and $15;
chambermaid. $20; a number of girls for house-
work; best wages. MRS. HURD. 721 Ellis st.
0 NURSE $16; 10 GIRLS AT $25, $20.
-5 MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
W- ANTED— 2 GIRLS ABOUTT6 TO WORK IN
saloon, country town; must be ready to go by
Thursday morning. Apply 106 Steuart, room 2.
T ADIES WHO UNDERSTAND MANUFAC-
XJ turing children's bonnets. Address L., box 61,
Call Office. . .
STRONG HEALTHY WOMAN AS WORKING
housekeeper and care of children. W. M., box
80, Call.
T ITTLE GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
-1 i work: family of 2. 1421 Ellis st.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
work. 6251& Shotwell st. •
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND COOK-
VJ" Ing. After 9 o'clock, 1913 Devlsadero.st.
UT ANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
" waiting. 1307 Hyde st. ■ .
ANTED — FINISHER ON PANTS. 609
»» Valencia St. ■...-- . .
ANTED-GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work in the country. 818 Eddy st.
URL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $10. 609
' J Sanchez st., near Eighteenth. •
ANTED— GIRL to do LIGHT HOUSE-
work. Apply 1410 Guerrero st.
Y OUNG GIRL.TO "ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
I work. 1218b Eddy st.
YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Call 1636 Post st. ,
GIRL. F.'R GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
I" coo kip ". 1309 V. Golden Gate aye.
G1 IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
T 1308 a Leaven worth st.
"ly NTED— GIKL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
»» 1004 a Golden Gate aye. ,
APPRENTICES TO WORK ON CLOAKS. 916
<HL Market St., toom 25. ; ■ • . ■
\\T ANTED -FIRST-CLASS FINISHERS ON
custom pants. 41 1 1/2 Kearny st., second floor.
pOOD OPERATOR CUSTOM COATS who
VJ can linish; apprentice girl. 219Va Tchama.
T7l IKS T - CLASS i* FINISHERS ON PANTS
r___ a __ t '___ 545 Market st.
WANTED- AN EDUCATED LADY WELL
:»» acquainted; In the city and surrounding coun-
try, who can devote her entire time to a money
making proposition. CHARLES .SCRIBNER'S
SONS, rooms 32-33, 511 California st.
V-OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IX HOUSEWORK
x and mind baby; reference. ; 636 Page bu •
Ay A X D '- PU PILS Foa MILLI X E R V
» 1 school; class or private; course thorough: sat-
isfaction guarant'd: reasonable. 410 Leaven worth.
T-JREHSMAKERS AND- GIRLS .TO LEARN
X/ quick method of cutting, fitting and flmshinc-
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy. 213 Powell. .
YOUNG GERSiaN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
general housework. 606 Baker st ■
:G^r^^M^ig.KV^ sir ? s^
APPRENTICES TO LEA UN DRESS CUT
"^X ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms«7 and 68.
W I 'HESTF.R HOUSE, 44 ThTkITTnEAR
'» Market-Electric lights in very room- 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 &0 to $6 ter
week : Zr«. bus to and from the ferry. . % <
rpHOROUGH COURSE ~IN MILLINERY
x taught: will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring, r MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, „_. 46?
HAIHDRESSING, 25c AND 86c: MORN IVO
and eve classes; 101essotis,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTKRN HOUSK— DRKSS-
cutting school. 1231 Market st..Det. Bth and %lh.
MOS T CONVENIENT AND UESPECTABLE^
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near M_r_et :
.KOO rooms: 25c to $1 SO.per night; $1 .0 to «5 per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry. P
' MALE HELP WA XlSl>. >'
X^A^T^r^MixiN^^LTcliSMTTHrJs^OAYT
11 nurseryman. $30; ■ Scandinavian man about
i place, $25: budder, 'sl a day: solicitor for milk
business. $50: woodsmen, $20 to $26: French
cook, hotel, $50: restaurant and j boarding-house
cooks. $40; waiters, and others. Apply to. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. • '
EAI) COOK FOR YEAR BOUND; COUNTRY
hotel. C. K. HANSEN ct CO., 110 Geary.
EAD SWAMPER, $45 aND BOARD: SEC-
o:id lineman, $45 and board; ranch hand who
can milk 10 cows, $25, and others. C.R.HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary.
ARKER, $45 AN D BOARD; 2 TlMBER-
fellers. $40 and board; 2 los-cutters for the
\ woods, $40 and board. C. ii. HAXSEN & CO.,
| 110 Geary st. .
BLACKSMITH FOR A RAILROAD CAMP, $35
and found. C. R. HANS! & CO., 110 Geary.
1 A COLORED EXTRA WAITERS FOR- A
i U country hotel; free fare both ways. Call Mon-
day at 7 a. m. ready to start. C. R. HANSIiN dc
CO., 110 Geary su ■
MAN AND WIFE FOR A PRIVATE PLACE
(country), wife ;ocook, $40 and found; veg-
etable gardener (country), $25 and found. C. i..
HANSEX & CO., 1 . 0 Geary st.
WAITERS FOR SPRINGS, $25; ELEVATOR
»- boy with good references, hotel, $15. C. R.
HAN- EN & CO., 110 tieary st. ' " •
MERI -AX . MAN AND WIFE FOR PRl-
vate family, $30; man to contract to make
shakes and pickets; plow hands. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
:\\r ANTED— BLACKSMITH'S HELPER jrOB
■»' large ranch, steady place, $25 per month
and board; also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters
dishwashers; middle-aged man to milk and do
chores on a ranch, $10 and Increase, and others.
W. D. EWER A CO.. 626 Cay at.
WANTED — COLLECTOR FOR A DAIRY
»» ranch; wheelwright for a country shoo: sec-
ond cook, - $35, room, etc.; blacksmith helper.
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
-0 inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEO
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye, S. FUCHS.
T> ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238y a O'Farrell.
W' p ANTED— PARTNER; PRACTICAL PIX
cer miner for prospecting. Address QUARTZ
MINER, box 92, Call office.
(CANVASSERS AND PEDDLERS TO SELL
J an article of great merit; large profits: sells at
sight. English Remedies, 6 Eddy st.
\\T ANTED- CASHIER AND TREASURER;
'» salary $100 per month; must deposit $350
cash. A pply after 9, 873y 2 Market St., upstairs.
Xkf ANTKD- KOBKR. INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG
» » man, willing to work for $15 per week; must
have $150. Apply 1035 Market st., room 1.
X\[ ANTED— MAN TO JOIN ADVERTISER
»» on trip with good selling specialties: must ad-
vance $50; splendid chance. Apply to-day, 809b
Mission st.
STRONG BOY TO LEARN BLACKSMITHING;
O one with experience preferred. 828 Harrison.
pRESSMAN ON COATS. 108 BATTERY ST.
ANTED— 2 SPIELERS FOR SHOW. CALL
'' 11 a. x. at 727 Market st. .
APPREXTICE TO LEARN TAILORING ON
-TV. custom coats. 11 Ellis st.
OUNG MEN THIS MORNING FOX A SEAL.
X Ing voyage. HERMAN. 228 Pacific st.
DI SH W ASHER WANTED. 1401 VALENCIA
street.
WANTED— GOOD SECOND COOK AT 43
Second st. .
ANTED-MAN PARTNER IN CASH BUS-
-11 lness;will pay $75 each by doing your own
work; small capital required. Apply 544 Hayes-
si. cor. Laguna --'■ ■-■'
WANTED — SOBER. ACTIVE MAN; DE-
-11 liver goods, etc.; must have $75. Room 10,
23 Kearny st.
pARTY in delicacies stork WITH OUT-
X side route; $275. Call 235 Third St.
k. ARBER-SHOP IN COUNTRY FOR SALE,
I' doing good business; two shops in town; see
owner 10 a. m. Monday. DECKKLMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
ARBER SHOP FOR SALE, $40: FOURTH
and lirannan. Apply 626 Fourth st.
BARBER SH OP-THREE OHAIRa FOR SALE
cheap. 403y g sixth st.
WASTED-BARBER TO RENT FURNISHED
'' shop. 1125 Market st.
KK-SHOP. 3 CHA RS, FOR SALE;
fine business: $150. Apply this office.
WANTED— IN A PRIVATE FAMILY AN UN-
»» married man; must understand waiting on
table; must be 60ber and willing and come well
recommended. Address, with reference, A. A. H .
box 34. Cal Office. *
\\r ANTED— -CLASS SOLICITORS TO
*» handle a payine proposition. 927 Market st.,
room 404.
IiURST- CLASS MASSEUR FOR COUNTRY
X sanitarium. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny
street.
ANDY-MAKER: YOUNG MAN WITH $200,
\J to buy half Interest in business; good invest-
ment to right man. Address Candy, box 64, Call.
NERGETIC, INTELLIGENT MAN WANTED
as partnet; must have small capital; refer-
ences required. Partner, box 84, Call Office.
"UTANTED.-A MAN WITH $150 CAPITAL AS
" partner in first-class retail cosh business; uo
liquors, no. Sunday work; will clear "$75 each
month by doing own work. Address M. W., box
101, ' all Office. -
INTELLIGENT CANVASSER; OUT-OF-TOWN
expenses paid ; also salesman. 79 Flood build-
ing.
TIT ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
** ; cry sf., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
ANTED— MAN WHO CAN DO PLAIN
" » cooking as partner in restaurant, near Market
St., with $125. Address G. 8., box 79, Call Office.
rpHREE STONEWARE-TURNERS WANTED
X at once. i U. S. . Industrial Agency, room . 167,
Crocker building.
BARBERS, ATTENTION— TO LET, AI SHOP;
low rent. 406 Castro st., bet. Market and 17th.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 Vi MARKET STV-i
XJ Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $3 week.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SHOEMAKER'S SHOP FOX SALE— GOOD
0 custom: shop must be sold at once. 2903 Pine
St.. cor. Baker. .
"I^OR SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED SHOE-
X maker-shop; account other business. 1197
Market . ' .
SEAMEN FOR:EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA,
South Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
■VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-Li 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
J. 3d and Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
20 and 26c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c
TT'OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
X try 13yfe Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
~\oCl MEN TO GET A FINE STILISH, DU-
*J\J\J rable calf shoe to order, *2 60. 959 Howard.
<J2»"1 TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS-
<pX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
"I3OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.* ROOMS
XX, 20c to 60c night; »1 to $4 week ; open all night.
\ir ANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
» » era to call if they do not receive their Just dues :
law and commercial collections: no charge unless
successful. K NOX Collection Agency, 10 Sutter sU
W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
*T to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sl- 150
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD~
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
W IXCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free, bus to and from the ferry.
1 (|A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15"c
i.V«," and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
■UEBT IN CIT j'-sTngTeT 16. 20 and
1 ?« 5 c nts Per night; »1, 81 25, »1 M p.r wmlc.
1 House .Commercial and LeldesdOrH sts.
WANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
" steam beer, sc; bottle wine. 6c. 609 Clay st.
"VI EN'S y 2 -SOLIXG 60c; LADIES' 40c*. DONE
XiX while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1? REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS Foil 5c7
X also a bottl eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
W ANTED-SINGLK ROOMS, 16c A DAY- $1
1 1 week ; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
fPKY~ALMK HOI f»57 MARKET ST.. BE-
■*■ low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night; $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
fing shoes; call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; all repairing at half price: work auar-
anteed. 662 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
400 MEJs; 'SSECpXD-H AN SHOES-SOME
rx\J\J nearly pew; 25c to $] 25. 602 Mission st.
KOOils WANTKO. '
/COMFORTABLE ROOM- OR SMALL SUITE;
KJ sunny and good location: can give references
if required.' Ac-dress Merchant, box 16,.this office.
■_•_■_;"_-■■' AUKNT WAN t Xl).
V GENTS ' WANTED^NEVV 1 NOVELTY. 719
■•Cjl Market st., first floor. ■ . '
IPIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS wanted BY
X I the California Mutual Benefit .Society: ladles
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a. m. P. D RAIN*.,
superintendent of^agents. Murphy building.
W XTEi-JU-OELLA.NLOrS
XV^ANTED— BABY-cTriTiA(IE: (?C)OD CON-
'" dition; mu^st bo cheap. D., box 89, this officr.
TO HORSES: MUST WEIGH 1800 , OR
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifthand Bluxomc.
V\r ANTED— YOUR . WATCH. IF IT NEED-*
* repairing: best work at half the regular price. ■
DEL'as, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st.. third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.; send postal.
PJTvSONAT.s.
TF 'THJS AUI) HB BMTER WHO
1 canae from San Lorenzo Grove" Fourth of July
night' with the party that wan hurt will address
70^ Powell they can greatly Oblige N. P. AIhE.N.
VTB& McMASTER, 1137 MISSION ST., IS
IVI the only one that makes most natural paper
sqnash blossoms and calla lilies^
T OVE'S DAXCIXO SCHOOL, 620 BUSH ST.;
XJ daily, Tuesday and Thursday evenings; stage
and ballroom. ;
! ttAIBa>KJSSSSINfI TO TAKE A WOMAN'S
! Jtl eye; that's my kind: 1 have the best artists in
the city and my price is 25c; switches 75c and SI.
G. LEPERER, 1H oc-kton at.
I jr,-| aaa LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO IX-
itbit.'Uu. vest in new Invention: patent to be
taken in Europe: money secured; no risk. Ad-
! dress H. s.,< aM Branch, Sixteenth and Mission sts.
! DVIt'E FIlllK; VO ■(■! LAWS SF_s|
I • A daily; private: no char c unless successful; all
■ law suits, claims, coll. c.ions. wills, de.Kls, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. .HOWE.attyat-'aw. 850 Market st
I?DITH JS. MCLEAN, PHYSICIAN FOB TUB
i iLI hair: scalp diseases a specialty; rooms for la-
' dies: best city references. Room 45. St. Ann's
building. ____
V\R. XETa BRUNDAfiB, CHIROPODIST;
XJ lost vitality restored. Office 11, 5y 8 Kearny st.
TO THE NEW PLACER GOLD FIELDS OF
X Cooks Inlet, Alaska. For passage and freight
apply to C. D. IiAUI), 9 Third st.
AIR RESTORER AN i» CURLER: ONE Ap-
plication will convince the most skeptical of
i its wonderful virtue. PROF. KNOTT, 1077
I Market St., uostairs. ]
EMOVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 12*
O'Furrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
(Dj I A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ONTHS
«Jp 1 floor. -206 Leaven worth St.
171 REE— 2O- PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT, PERFECT
' and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNER A CO,
Opticians, 1644 Market St., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
MRS. DR. A. SYKES. BEAUTY DOCTOR, HAS
.taken offices at 330 Ellis St.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
M" RS. M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS ok
Ypsllantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figures.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
I send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
/Cheapest and best; get our figures
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA: $1: HAIR DYE; PER-
XJ fectly harmless; easily applied: all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., apents, a F.
g3t-\ FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
K]pX capes, sold at 10c on the dollar In the bane*
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.
* A DDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
become rich— lnvest your WHO WANT TO
become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago) ; I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F. "
rpELEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
X Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter ioaves; delivery to 12 p. m. .
|v>or fine POULTRY and GAME GO to a.
■T HTRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
T>A.RTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instrnctors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude •
Partiugton.K.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
R. E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED PHY-
sician, has removed f m 8 Mason to 1508 Market
ENRY HUFSCHMIDT. PLDMBEiI AND
gasfltter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
EARCHING.LOCATING.SHADOWING.TRA-
cing,coIIecting.GRAHAM'Sagncy,632 Mrkt,r.B.
IHi Ml BUSINESS T7aßDs>, $1 fm-. TELK-
XUUU phone "Black 141." HlLU22Geary. 39
T)OURQUIN'B CAL' A ASTHMATIC "PAPER;
X> Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Snttersu
OECOXD-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
O showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission st., above *Ixth.
T?LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XJ chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 203
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $<Jper
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
lU&HA.I. ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. P4B Market St.
(CLOAKS. CAP AND SUITS RETAILED AT
KJ mfrs' coat. Factory. 20 Hansome St.. upst»:ri.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADLE*
clothing boncht. COLMAX. 41 Third st.
Bfc^» A WEEK'S XEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS
Bir-*y WEEKI " CALL. IP wrapper, for mailing.
DKJSSBM-AKJEKt*. \ ""
THE ART OF CUTTING DRESS WAISTS^
without any seams, tausrfit at 28^4 Sixth st.
fit}] GEARY ST.— STYLISH SILK WAISTS,
V-^-l- goodsf urnlshed. $4 50 up: latest dresses .?5.
(.1)1 LAI iOiNAb.
R^CTI^AT~I3JsTIuJCT?o7rTNTaiE3?rAL
science, by DR. F. J. 31 1 LL£K and W. J. COL-
VILLE, 922 Geary st.
ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
PANISH, FRENCH, ETC.; PROF. J)i FIL-
IPPE'S Academy Languages. 320 Post; est. 1871
r\ uitar. MANDOLIN. PIANO and vocal
XT lessons! $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
INDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
onstage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEP. NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
iolin, MANDOLIN, guitar, cornet
taught. Prof. L.MERKI. 226 Geary treasonable
SPANISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Mel'stcrschaft School Languages. 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business • practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer; ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. rite tor catalogue.
AUGHT SCHOOL;HKALD'S BUS. CULH£GE;24
Xi Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra*e«
VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045Va Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNiNQ-
V^ ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
PIANO LESSONS; CLASSICAL COURSE AND
simple music taught; accompanists taught;
lessons 60c. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
\l IS3 BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
XIX mento— English, French, German,
piano:. $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement ; coach.
XGLISH, LATIN, : MATHEMATICS, ENG-
lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'Farrell st. r
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELBARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDh.R. 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
Cj^vSWl AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
r. WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 81 50, post-
age free. . .
vLAIBVOV
IDROf! ZANzic^ OCCULT SCIENTIST.
X palmist, 303 Mason St.; sittings 50c; attend the
entertainment Golden Gate Hall, February 26.
ME. PORT CARD- READER; TKLL3
past, present, future: ladles 50c. gents *1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
"QTARLIGHT" IS LOCATED AT 116 a GRANT
O aye.. parlor 5 ; oflice hours, 10 a. m. to 7p. m.
MME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS !
past, present and future :25c up.764 Howard su
ME. RAVEXA- SITS DAILY: SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
MME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, ptut,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; Dott-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: inre
oelp; restores lost love by sympathy: mistake tm-
possible; fee $i: letter $2. »29 Post St., nr. Larkln.
\| ME. ARNDT, BENT FORTUNE TELLER IX
1»J the world 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
RB. B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED*
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st. ■
808. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: TH
greatest card reader and clairvoyant In the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter;
Indies or gents 50c. 917 Market . parlors 8 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM.. .
YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included): 26c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
TisTsEAl., M KIT I'M: INGS; TOBACCO .
habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; din-
eases of women cured; his. 10 to 8. 24 6th. rm. 8.
RS. J. J. WHTFNE • CLAIRVOYANT
: r.i nee medium : .sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM.
H~~YTN7rrTsvToR S?ESM KitTi^M^^T^fucTHT^
XX Four . (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. , A rare chance | for physicians s - u-
-dentsof science or those interested in its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly.all diseases can be
relieved it uo: cured. None taught hut those fur-
nis 1 Inn first-class reference or recommendations.
Correspondence solicited. Address J. W 1 It T M-
MINS. Ph. P., Oakland Call offlc" '
_ : . ' ■ Lost. *~~ "
LOST^ON~VAN~ ness Avi£ J jgXS ,, IN . 
I and Turk sta.,- a 11*1.1 overcoat. Th» ' rtn'u.'r
will be suitably rewar.cd by Uavlns it « 17111
Sacramento st. ""
\ OST - SMALL ULA.'K \ 1 i ,>„ v r
Xi diary, containing MothunU-*" i u.uuv u,,.u,i- r
ship ticket ami im-iuornmtn t \ n tuiiMe l«< t>\\ ii»i but
to no one else. Return to room -.M. 10U ,\l»r!4ri ■..
a id receive reward. . > "•■*«-i ■(
i "l ost-pas-.b66k , with TH KTit I niiK.VIA
1 J Savings and Loan so,-!,,, 0 | .s^,, X ran moo In
the ,am.- of MICHAKL IM KKIN .Nu * "Vr •o"
The Under will plea** return '_*»_____ iuJ -»'-
I OST ALL COMFORT AXirpICkASUnE UY
not getting my Aon Bad* to : order b*
Qk.o. BRYANT for #6, 204 | v, k at., near Jones."5? 350 -HNKR^OROCKHV •■VIN,;-
-?1- m-Vson 3 "* °?, ly BW)re wunin 4 •»»«*■; rent
"W HOLESALE COMMISSION MERCHANT
nnd • ma partner Inhisprodoce
?'h«S S house: controls larce and first-
PhM.h . rom all parts of be P .ctflc Coast: es-
~m« SSuwVKi'aj, offers a grand opportunity for
iin^L " d!n<lnstrloU3nian : will guarantee
s"asm, '^ U^, f 2OO a nnd during busy
ih r , «300: fuU investigation allowed.- Furfur
m rL- --. CulErs apply 6JTENBERG X CO., G3>
-Market at., Palace Hotel. w*»b*
$550 V", 1N1:K BRANCH BAKERY, CON.
Jft r^M»it • fecttonery, clears, notion store: oppo-
T.mV- . A,' '■ ;u " r ' ;" ; ■'■■■'- rooms furnished: cheap
injures. STENBER^
S4OO ffb° US W /- N >'"OUSE:.J> DOORS
S^S^^V^ 1 ?^ ba ' a -e
H^O BUY, SELLUi; EXCHANGE a BUSINEBS
lot any kind see STRAND A CO., 4iThW,u
52500 i?S, AT ° I>l> oßtunlt"y FORCAP-
% ', — <>v'\J. ua.ist or energetic busiuess man-
sole agency for patented article of great rn^ru:
mmense success East: only partly worked i,n
a" : 4s°lK" li0D; 6Ure f ° rtUUe STRAND"!
<•>•)". CANDY AND NOTION STORE- ~i
~ --••• ms; full value: cheap rent- sam«
owner 6 years. STRAND &, . 45 Third st.
5250 XXX !; AND LUNCH PA.RLOR'-
. _»/v. pay> well; Opposite Golden Gate l'«rk-'
good tor maa and wtte. j§ i it AN lX st. !
>I 7 ~\ ! X N<li SXKEIiYI 3 ROOMS-
-JL'jl- ''"r-anti. STRAND A cq, 46 TMrdat
♦^SOO ol ,«" ' sr ABLISHED BAKERY and
*".^T uv ' '.coffee pnrlor across the bay clears
SU&&&S&& ho r 8^ and
SS4SO 11 '"" 1 } :UV AXn BAR - ONE OF THE
rners in the city; good business:
""gestock; selling on account of other businesv
ivasonable rent. g~ee STRAND «fc CO., 45 Third st!
.- l,",i| KKSTAL *«ANT; NO. 1 LOCATION;
CiiTrtvrLr^^A steivJ - v - Profitable business
handsomely htted up: worth double; selling on
account pi departure.- STRAND A CO., 45 Thlro st.
«5 4^75 « ALOO - , MEN, ATTENTION -
i hTr d r 3Well;C&eaP
VOTICE —TO BELL YOUR BUSINESS
: for ash. BEALY & ( 1 >.. 23 Kearny.
*">SOO DOWNTOW COMMISSION-HOUSE
- v. v v. doing a large business; fine chance for
fniiv=V >m Q: owner will remain until trade is
mll> secured. HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
EH E i- A i XT « FITTEDtjP LIQUOR SALOON,
J^ vicinity Market st. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
SftOO CORNER GROCERY AND~k?RI
*S Kearn" brewery will loan par; - HEALY &CO.,
- a Kearny st.
<"!' \i) !;!; a^ c ". bakery; candy, etc..
£~T .•■■' Mission; 4 rooms; dolngabusi-
ness of S9 a day. H A L V ft CO., 23 Kearny st.
VINE CHANCE FOR A STEADY MAN TO
X clear from to *80 per month: laundry route;
Bare cash; steady custom: established for years;
•«:<>oa horse and wagon; 2 weeks' trial allowed:
price --.>'. Apply KENNY, 705 Market st.
Qi-100 PARTNER WANTED IN KIRST-
Kl.x\j\j. class cash manufacturing buKlness:
Kept by present owner 12 years; Is highly genteel:
has the patronage of the best mercantile houses;
clears .$"0 to $25 per week each; a trial allowed.
Apply KENNY Ttj.'i Market st.
< T ~\i ) CORNER GROCERY AND P.AR,
•v I *J\J. with living-rooms; good bar trade; cash
custom; low rent; in very best location; rare
chance. Particulars 333 Calitornia st., PhcDnix bar.
< IDII BALOQN; CHOICES!
•■u^-\J\Jt good pa.vine; low rent; fixtures vi-orth
the money. Call 533 California St., Phcenix bar.
Oil A A SAMPLE ROOM IN VERY, BEST
OXXViv/. location on Market St.; fixtures and
stock worth the money: owner sick in bed. In-
quire 533 California st.", Phueuix bar.
< *>">! I SI v ! KANT, NEAR CAR HOUSE
'- tiUv. and railroad junction: receipts over $'25
a day; a surebarualn. JOJHIN STON, 26 V^ Kearny.
Q 9^o PARTKEB WANTED 1 : ESTABLISH-
«fI — •'>'. Ed business; good for $100 per month;
can be increased. JOHNSTON i CO., 26y 2 Kearny.
Q«_>AA ROUTE; ESTABLISHED OVER 1
V> •J'-' "•''years; has all cash. customers; cooi
horse and wa^an; business worth ?500;c!ears $100
h month: can be easily doubled; must sell at once-
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary.
BO -jj LIGHT BUSINESS: RUN BY SAME
•- i-OV. people years; cash trade: easil.- man-
ased; dears S2O per week; suitable for two ladies
or man and wife; a decided bargain ; must be Bold
at once. STANLEY, 9 Geary st.
/">OOD-PAYIN« SALOON; CAI'.DItOOMS, lilL-
vj Hards; furnished rooms, stand: thorough in-
vpsU gallon; best section city: 1 :tr;y selling on ac-
> ant of departure. PROLL i LLOYD, 717 Mar-
ket St.. near Third.
AT OOd'TNiJ COAL V.v RD: HORSES, WAG-
■» ons: 4 stalls: income $75 ruouth. PKOLL <fc
M.' ''1 I . 717 -Mai ket st. ._;-..
S\ : • V M.\ N WA N FED TO TAKE CHARGE
O of a laundry route: ■ small capital required
PROLL & LLOYD. 719 Market St.
QIXA PARTNER: WELL-PA YIiJO RES-
O Itjyr. tau rant; living-rooms; cheap rent;
n'vner intends to run rjlace day and night. LL'N-
I.»IN, 1035 Market st.
IQQ^fin OYSTER-HOUSE AND RESTAU-
•_ ■'•' '• rant ; doing a business of ,$75 to $100
per day; rnus: bi» sold at once on account of other
■•> lainess. BUSINESS EXCHANGE.>j73V2 -Market.
- ' "A) LADY OR GENTLEMAN PARTNER
V «J«J". in established nianaiacturing business;
! .nke full charge of office: owner obliged to be on
road; value In stock; will clear 9100 month each;
investigation. PIERCE. 22 Kearny St.
<'' ~\ii CORNER SALOON: BUSY STREET";
»jl •).»<». heap rent: old-escabliahi ■! ana making
nionoy. CULVER & COLTON, SOti Market st.
1 "■ ' Ii SALE— GOOD- PA yTn<7~ SALOON ON
X Larkin; st.. bet. Post and Ellis. For particulars
inquire at 617 Larkin st.
TO. MERCHANT TAILORS AND CUTTERS—
An old established business for sale on account
Ot'sick.'iess. Apply at 431 Kearny st., bit 2 and 4.
PARTNI B WANTED- <• OD PAYING BUST-
X ct-as; small capital; trial given. 307O't"arrUI.
7 ) E6TA URANT— AT YOUR OWN PRICE TO
XV pay the debts. Fourth st.
CKJARSI AND FOR KENT CH hAP; CORNER
Harrison and Steua.-t St., No. 2.
"<ST~7 " (wPekXvd icecream pa rlor,
vll'-' 2724 Sutler st., near Central aye.
SALOON with 8 EtOOMts, completely
k3- furnished: $370. Call 235 Third st.
B AS C II BAKERY * Ft) R~SALE — A GOOD
chance: cheap. 1745 Mission st.
CALDO.V, PROMINENT C<»JtNEh. CLUB-
-0 rooms, fair stock of liquors, cigars, etc., doing
r. p<yxl business: trial before buying: satisfactory
reasons for lliujr: price $700. Call bet. 12 and 1,
C. T. MAKTiN. 6 Efidy Bt. .
< I '111 l M '■ A ' MARKET FOR SALE. AD-
CXo»UU. dress B. 8., box 3d, Cali Olhce. Ala-
rueda.
< 1 >~\il PARTNER WANTED: EBTAB-
'C\- — 1 '", lishr'd 3577: clears $300 to $400 a
niotith: investUatlon cited; 11 not as stated
u:ilpay time lost Investigating. Rons* Fide, box
60, Call OMice. ■
"ILK~ROL*rE~FO"R~SALET~GdoD~Tr6ItSE
and wagon. Apply Call GUice.
CMART YOUNG MAN, WITH - «125.' FOR
kJ half interest as purtner in peddling; city and
coiintry. Address 520 Polk st.
<''"»( HI J '"''■ ONE OF'thK BEST RE S-
• •i'J\J\J. taurantsand lunchhouses in theclty:
Jitted up In modern style; location un^urpasse'l;
well-established trade. Address R. A., box 105,
Call Office. '
BOAA SALOON; OPPOSITE NEW CITY
. •l"U. Hall; pood business, fine fixtures and
stock; side entrance; must sell Oil account of sick-
ness. 121 City Bail are.
J«JCn CORNER GROCKRY: BAR; TRANS-
._ »)ijl). fer; pleasant living-rooms. Apply Call.
\\f ELL-PAYING PORK AND DEITICACIES
• ■ store: rent low: 4 living-rooms; sickness cause
cfxale. Apply 41 2^2 Sixth st.
OR BALK— A SVJ.-CAN~.MLLK ROUTE. AP-
-1 ply 433 Church St., near Seventeenth. ,
nOR SALE PATENT OF QUICK-SKLJ.ING
Pan cle; sails ob sight. Call at room 5, 324 Bush
ti.. near amy, i."-: IS M. and 4p. m.
, .»•. KAKERV. v nil HORSES AND
r.w« ■-' I>h!s dally. Appl a' Call office.
itA.MJ.j ijaKEkY AND NOTION STORE;
i ' pleasant furnished rooms; 110 agents. 449
< 1 <rrero st. • 
oO^ A OLD - ESTABLISH ED SALOON;
01- »JU. good stock :fine fixtures. 1026 Lark in st.
01 HA YOUNG LADY DESIRES HONEST
1 UU. gentleman partner In a money-making
business: no triflerB need apply. MISS P., box 22,.
fall Office. ' .
GfOAAA WILL buy half interest in
>ZUUU a first-class lunch place; only those
who mean business ajuw< r. T. It., box '18, Call. ,
LfpLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR the
O buyers— For sale, a liquor-store, situated on One
of th» best corners of Montgomery su Inquire
fall HBce. ' .
"iTTant -PARTY WISHING TO invest
'» 510 000 In manufacturing business that will
I.hv 20 pat cent. Address M. X., box 36. Call.
/GROCERY, AND BAR: 5 LI VINO-ROOMS.
' I horfceand wapon: 3 years' lease; good location.
Apply California Brewery, Douglass and Diamond.
Old" established business in new
and second-hand line for sale; satisfactory rea-
sons Riven. i 57 Third st.
L'lßsT-CLASS SALOON CHEAP; FINE CASH
• register: sate: private rooms; cause of sale,
Kickoess. 209 Ellis. ■ ■
Sr.f.AA FOR SALE: THE CONTROLLING
'S'' "if. Interest in a well equipped and pav-
ing qnarti mine now In active operation In Amador
Cotlniy. California; title perfect and full investiga-
tion allowed. Address Bonanza, box 98, Call
Oflice, San Francisco.__ ■ - ' . ' « .
L"<>J; SALE— VERY CHKAP FOR CASH,
I M.-am laundry ; doing $300 per week. . Address
M. L.. box 234, Call Office^ _2]——
T)ESTAURANTA.ND BAKERY: OWNER HAS
Xtother business; can't attend to it. 917 Mission.
v - / w l~ 22 ROOMS; NEW CORNER HOUSE;
*2)O\J\J . all full; low rent. 712 Jieurny eu I
BCSINKOT CHASCKS-ContiCT^.
$700 to'ljf 1 T? U J EXCLUSIVE AGENCY
ness r«T n h» 1h Z 1 "'-" Coast- for 10 years: bu 3 l-
Swiiration^-; ? ood - sel| iiP -nine; lies* in -
vestlgaUoa soUciteC Adure3< W. h.. box 71, call.
Fono oAh X r A FMS - 'CM Lluruil-vroRK ON
riii -, Inmu 001 " 130 " °" Sixth stren at a sac-
rifice. Inquire of K. RQB ET, 41 1 y_ Cal ifornla st.
; S i"H )() (4 ■*' •' V and bar AND fix:
outtidl n« l ture s - horse and wagon. Including
owner in ■' ' ir " lt ' : '""''"-''its .«25 I day: present
■ 2Trtmtv olU^. bnsineas - Inquire NABER,
& 8RUNi.,323 Market st.
P^Siriro"UTE~FOR SALE TELEGRAPH
rho.Jr dis ' riot - covers 18 blocks: can be bought
] cntap, and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply -Ills office, principals only.
x.oooiyg-fioiftiiEa fok SALI.
S9fvH NICELY FURNISHETI HOUSE~OF
-.-''V*. 10 rooms; near Market st. BUSINESS
EXCHANGE. 8731 A Market st.
A *>• SPECK & CO., 00-2 MARKET ST
■>**-• 15 rooms; genuine bargain; worth
„, 81200 , $500
* rooms, beautiful house: rent only »55.... 850
16 rooms. Post st., none better 1000
£0 rooms; clears $125 or no sale; $1000 down.
TO BUY OR SELL A LODGING-HOUSE
■*- quirk for cash see US STRAND 45 Third st.
CORNER HOUSE; 11 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
yj Pished; price $250. STRAND, 45 Third st.
1 9 ROOMS; NICELY FURNISHED; CORNER
X— 1 on Golden Gate aye. DECKER. 1020 Market.
99-ROOM HOUSE FOR SALE AT A BAR-
——' gain. Apply to DECKUR, 1020 Market st.
"I A ROOMS NEAR MARKET"; RENT 5?45;
X*± price $500. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
•ft 1 -X O O LODGING-HOUSE < ' F 23 ELE-
\ I'lV'v'. gam ly furnished rooms on Market St.;
paying house. CULVEP. & COLTON, 000 Market.
*4J*OIAA ROOMING HOUSE; 18 ROOMS;
«£>OUU. full of roomers: must be sold in 10
days; no agents. 10S Stenart st.
(if (it \7\ A WELL -FURNISHED LODGING-
rJTU' >\J. house: 18 rooms aud b^th;all full; rent
$40; part cash. 303 Third St. _^
HOUSE, 22 ROOMS, AT A BARGAIN IF SOLD
by the Ist of March. For particulars address
Bargain, box 20, Call Office.
ING-HOUSE OF 22 ROOMS: CLEARING
$95 per month over expenses; obliged to sell;
no agents: none but principals Deed apply: must be
cash: no reasonable offer refused. Address L. H.,
box 69, Call office.
©"] IAA WELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 5T
*JXXV/v. room lodging-house; good location.
613 Mission st.
U^ 77\ A ON ACCOUNT OTHEK BU INESS;
?.. I \J\J. 45 rooms; clearing $100 per month;
$500 cash, balance installments. 115 Second st.
CtAA SACRAMENTO— POSITIVELY A BAR-
"■3*l cain; 16 rooms; house well furnished and|7
years' experience. '
OAQ FOURTH.— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
»JV/iJed: room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st.
FUKMTUKK lOK SALE.
"LV RN [TUBE OF 6-ROOM FLAT, NEARLY
X 1 new; cost over $500; will sell at sacrifice; par-
ties leaving city; also gray horse and Great Dane
dog. W. J. W A LLIS, 1334 Mission St.
TT>oR BALE— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW 7-ROOM
1 J flat ; well furnished. Apply 112 Golden Gate aye.
I A ROOM V KNIT ÜBK, N E W . . ...T.~. $75
I tt Bedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 4 So up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
I Window Shades in 5 colors 25c up
I SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market st., opposite
I Grant avenue; no branch stores.
ON E MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
: Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 f.Oup
; Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
] Stoves and Ranges S3 up
1 ; Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
• I 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
I IT ii. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND .BED-
■LX • ding; new folding-beds, &9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 77^ Mission st.
REDUCTIONS ON CABGB STOCK, NEW AND
second-hand: 400 carpet.*, good as new; oil-
• i cloth, 25c; parlor suit«, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
; i piece chamber suits, $14 60: cornice poles. 250:
. ; ranges, $t>: cash or installments-, goods shippaJ
! ; free. T. '"- NELsON. 126 Fourth st.
. FUKMTUKE wanted
• \ M ALONE pays~~2o~per CENT '"MORE
; J\. than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
CA*H PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
■ COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
1 ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
-t\- second-hand furniture aud carpet 3 by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
CAKI'KI CLEANING.
CITYBI CAM < A LEANrN r G,REN : 6\ : A-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
/•■Til- CLKANED AND RENOVATED
; viikeneiv. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
Booth 30. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
T E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
*> « 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
-0 . ovating works. 453 Stevenson; wrl. south 228.
V ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RKNO-
XX vat ing Works HAMPTON&BAILLY: laytn?
End aliertui;. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission -'41.
\\rHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
« » poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PioneerCar-
ret Beating Works. 353-7 Teaama; teL So-40.
/MM! X1 1 S CARPET BEATING WORKS. diS
\J cioiil'in Gate ay?. : telephone ease 126.
HOUSES.
I7<INE SUUNDTiTTRS^r^H^tN^S^AivD^ALi.
X; most new dell% ery wagon; a bargain. 243
Fifteenth st., near Mission.
S UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
1 BT-< LASS PASTURAGE; PLENTY WATER
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
1 'A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
XO\J ness: all kinds; wa^or*. bnggles, horses aaJ
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
HUBSKS PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
j-X care and feed; send for circular. The Hrda
ranch, 630 Commercial at.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAJL, VETERINARY SUK-
ceon for S. F. Police Depan.ment. OUice and
hospital, 121 City Hal! ive.: telephone south 401.
4A~ii6rses FOR sale-, ALSO WAOONT
j.\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade llors«
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wenow
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
I A A SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALIi
iv" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheao horses. Fif teent.li and Valencia i r j.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
- V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
FOX' SALE-MISCELLAMiOUS.
■pAIiKER B R^TiiE^?TTAMMERLES^ gun •
X 10 gauge; $80 grade: price $30; also 12-gauge
breech-loading gun; price $20; both equal to new.
K. box 1. Call Oilice.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
r» LACKS ft. -SHOP OUTFIT, FORGE,
I* steam pump, boiler and engine; cheap. 616
Mission st. : .
. . ) ~~r\ SI.OOP YACHT; 11x27. APPLY
tj?Zt)U..ls4B Park st., Alameda.
uy YOUR BABY carriages and rat-
tar. furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit-; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. {Mission.
OOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES?
KING old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
" 1 \i \ SECOND-HAND CA RPETS, ALL SIZES
OW and prices from. 25c per yard up. .1.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
FIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
T press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1\ hand. W. S. RAY Mf« Co.. 12 California st.
TTTTUNTERS, SHELVING. " showcases
\J boueht and told 1121 V a Market bei. 7thau<lBf
dentists;.
o^Te^t^wTmTkTlowest prices.
DR. UARDCASTLE, «28 Montgomery, rm. 1.
Ii^ULL SET OP TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
PET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 <•. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. -
1 iT GEORGE >\ . LEEK. TUB GENUINE
U Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
t>ainless Extraction, Me; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experie R. 1,. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
. it. 11. 11. SHAW, 224 KKARN Y — B R tPQ&
1/ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 _9-__
DR. L. T.CRANZ-EXTRACTICuV PAINLESS"
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye. '.
/IROO.ME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket. bet. 3d and 4tli, gas specialists: only relt-
ab]» agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5: hliicgsfrm $1 ; extracting 60c. with gas sL
$- A SET FOB TEETH : WARRANTED AS
«H) I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
1 \R. LUDLUM 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: g»s given.
/ \OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 808 MART
V ket su DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. • _
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: -Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
A. ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1138 Market st.
Ctfr.AI'EST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TiI E
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the.
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ag . free. * - - - ■
sewing MACHINES.- .'.".. _. T
XliTkin'dFbought, sold, exchanged,
ii. rented, repaired; lowest rules. 205 .Fourth st. ,
THE SAN FEAIS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
_^ NorsEs TO CRT.
SUNNY HOUSE OF~9~RO^MsT~bT6t~A~ND
cold water; suitable for 1 or 2 families; rent
eh^ap: references required. Call at the premises,
421 Powell st. •
Fpo LET— 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE, i
i. rooms and bath: modern improvements. 1238
Golden Gate aye.
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH, MODERN IM-
provements, 730 Capp st.; also house, 5 rooms,
modern, large stable, 107 Germaniu, St., off Fill-
more. , ..
9*Vl 9 CALIFORNIA ST.. NR. STEXNER; 7
*jUX-j rooms; bath; large billiard-room: laun-
dry and servant's room; sun in every room; rent
low on lease. MADISON «fc BURKE, 62ti Market.
I^l9 JONES — BAY - WINDOW MODERN
X*J\—j house of 7 rooms; large basement; .yard;
line marine view: half-block from kson-st. cars.
I'l^ji H YDE ST., cor. VALLEJD— SUNNY i
-*- ■ —'"a: house 7 rooms and bath ; cheap.
1 *) i )i\ l PINE, NEAR HYDE— TWO-STORY
J. — U-; house 5 rooms; cheap. Apply room 15,
Phelan building.
ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS;
XJ large basement; reasonable. 816 McAllister.
1 4nQ~ - NEAR POLK — HOUSE 6
xrtyjtJ rooms, bath. Inquire at 1407 Bush st.
91 1 GEARY— HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS AND
—11 bath; rent reasonable; key at 217 Vs-
<2»OA 8 ROOMS; MODERN CONVENIENCES*;
j ■OOU. line neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye
nAND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
812.
ffl<lO. ELEVENTH AYE., COR R. R. AYE.;
J. 0 . 10 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534 2
California st. ;
BABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN <J£
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st "
t'UKXISKKI) itODSKS.
TyjICELY FURNISHED SUNNY UPPER
-L> flat: 6 rooms: bth. 2514V 3 Sutler: cheap.
CO x TA(»ES TO LET.
"ffiO^P^cTk^Si^TL^CC^T^A^ETs^AY^ST^
tlpll.Ov/. near cor. Clay and Powell.
J-ROOM COTTAGE; LARGE YARD. 2301
tfc Polk st., near Green.
19Q FAIR OAKS s,T. — LOVELY SUNNY
XJLO cottage with garden; rent $15.
0 COTTAGES: BAY-WINDOW; SUNNY; MOD-
-6 crn; planked basement; yard; rent reduced.
726 Fulton st. , ■___
pOTTAGE, NEARLY NEW; FIVE ROOMS,
\J bath, latest improvements.: fine stable and
bain; yard planked. B*B Hampshire st., near
Twenty-second.
fl>O COTTAGE 3 ROOMS ON PROSPECT
Kt>O. aye. Apply 75 California aye., bet. Twen-
ty-seventh and Twenty-eighth st 3., near Mission.
CORNER AND ADJOINING BAY-WINDOW
\J cottages: 4 rooms: just finished. Point Lobos
aye. and Collins st.
pIOTTAGE: 4 ROOMS; BATH; BASEMENT:
\J garden. 127 Chattanooga St., bet. 22d and 23d;
electric-cars pass the tioor.
V BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE PLAT; 6
large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
OTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. 21 BYINGTON ST.,
bet. FUlmore and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
<JTTj~T COT'IAGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND
«iP-L'i. bath. 1831 Union, near Laguna st. ?y..:
979Q BRYANT AYE., BET. TWENTY-
— I j-Q fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.— Cottage, 7
rooms and bath: large basement, garden, yard and
stable; all in perfect order: rent low to right
party. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 -Mont-
gomery st.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH3
■A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
FLATS TO JLKi.
irjl EDDY — DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
J t)ll nerfiat; 6 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. ■ '
ipiNE MIDDLE FLAT, $10; FINE LOWER
-T fiat, 10. 432 seventh St.. near Harrison. . .
LATS TO SUIT— BEST PART OF CITY;
-T central.convenlent. economical; Sacramento St.,
1 below Mason : sunny. Apply 320 Sansoaie st., rm. 4.
' 9HQ7 BAKER, BET. WASHINGTON AND
I *-UD t Clay — Elegant, new, modern, very sunny
Hat: choice neighborhood; 4 car lines.
"I I fTI GUERRERO, (To R. TWEN T V -
i-l«J-L fourth— 6 rooms, bath, porch, basement,
good water; $16.
"T7<EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; ELEGANT
1 fiat of 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st. .
I/LATOF6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT $16.
X: 248% Clara st.
T^LAT 3 ROOMS IN GOOD ORDER; REAR;
-T rent low. P. C. M ALLOY, 138 Montgomery at.
ROOMS: BATH. 409y a THIRTEENTH «T.,
above Valencia.
T7ILAT 9 ROOMS: BATH WITH 8 Alh? WATER ;
JJ modern improvements; rent $10. 916 a Post st.
ijll) BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
»^i— . bath: yard. 137 Fair Oaks St., near 23d.
7 1 9 OCTAVIA, NEAR MCALLISTER- ,1.1.
I .1 —• citnt lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, modern Im-
provements, brick basement.
C O«> SIXTH— UPPER FLAT, 6^ ROOMS,
• >__ bath, yard; rout and rear entrance; rent
$13.
IDDLE FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH; NoRTH-
east cor. Polk and Jackson sts.
9Q VALLKY— 6 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
— iJ latest Improvements. ■[___.
T OWER FLAT— COB. THIRTEENTH ' AND
XJ Folsom sis.; 8 rooms and bath; large cellar lit
for business; rent to suit tenant.
1 I f\Q SCOTT ST., NKAIi EDDY— UPPER
.L 1 I/O fiat; ti rooms and ba'.h; sun all day; rea-
sonable.
OWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; $13. 527% GEARY
i street.
*C CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND ALL
0 modern Improvements; $20. 1708b Hyde st.
(jJ-1 9 7 ROOMS, BATH, RANGE, :ETC; UP-
jjpX-j. per flat. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
UNNY COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, BATH AND
large yard and basement. 2429 Post st.
OFFER WANTED; BRAND NEW 7-ROOMED
corner flat. 915 Hayes St., or SPECK & CO.
S" UNNY UPPER FLAT; ALL MODERN IM-
provemeuts; bay-window. 714 Ridley st.
TAPPER "FLAT OF 8 ROOMS; MODERN 1M-
U provements; central location. 615 McAllister.
ECORATED MODERN 5-ROUM FLAT; SUN
all day. 847 Capp St.. near Twenty-fourth.
TTPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
U improvements; $26. 1617 Sutler st.
Q99 Z(\ 2 FLATS, 8 ROOMS. BATH; a
r^)-\i—.O\J» sets double parlors; modern. 1775
Mission st.
9A7-209 WEBSTER — SUNNY FLATS OF 6
— *'l and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rt;nt
reasonable.
Q9f| UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS, .HATH. 119
*s>—\J. William at., near Taylor and Post- V •
79/? MCALLISTER— FLAT, 6 ROOMS; LAUN-
I ZO dry; bath; rent $30.
"VTEAR CITY HALL — 2 SUNNY FLATS; 5
X> and 6 rooms; $21, $26. 147 and 713 Grove st.
GO A NEW MODERN SUNNY FLAT of 6
«3> J- O . rooms, bath. 133 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush st; rent $30. MADISON & BURKE,
agents. ■ ■
ABY. HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented ; flat rented from BALDWIN ti-
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery su
fljfTT UPPER FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS,
<IPJ.T~. cor. Twenty-third and Castro sts.;
also 6-room fiats, cor. Fifteenth and Noe sts. ; new
and modern.
"VrORTHWBST COR. EIGHTEENTH ST.' AND
X\ Clara aye.: sunny upper flat, 6 rms: bath: $20.
UNNY FLAT, 3 ROOMS; YARD; WATER
free; rent $12. 356 Third st.
lAT,I AT, 6 ROOMS, HEALTHY LOCATION,
. $14 ; cottage, 4 rooms, yard, $11. 629 Second
St., near Bramian.
©17 AT, 1207 A BUsH: 6 ROOMS, BATH,
O-X I . gas, bay-windows. Apply 1211b Bush st.
LEG ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
Xi low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
V I.AT~OF ~B SUNNY ROOMS, BATH. 1613
_T Folsom st., near Twelfth. *
I O AND $14—1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON,
<lpjLD near Herman; nice fiats; cheap rent.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
' HOUSKKKKPJLNU UOOJUS.
Bryant' Street. ■
CCA BRYANT, U. STAIRS-LARGE UNFUR-
OOV nished room; use of kitchen.
California Street.
1A OA CALIFORNIA — TWO HOUSEKEEP-
J 1 • )tl. Ing rooms and kitchen; gag; bath; stove:
running water; $15. .. «
Clay Street.
(jilil 3 FINE SUNNY ROOMS WITH YARD.
t_}X-J. 2419 Clay St., near Fillmore. •
l.uilv Street.
91 Q EDDY— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
-jxO ing; rent $12; private place. '
Ellis Street.
r (\A ELLIS-NICE FURNISHED ROOM FOR
«JU"± housekeeping. ■
1 olsom Street. '
ri 1 FOLSOM— I OR 2 FRONT ROOMS FUR-
tJJLI nished for housekeeping; bath; cheap.
Guerrero Street.
717 GUERRERO ST.— MODERN UNFUR-
I 1 I nished rooms; has stove and linoleum;
private family. ■- - - . .-
Harrison Street.
7QQ HARRISON, NEAR FOURTH— 3HOUSE-
-1 DO keeping rooms; large yard; $13.
Hayes Street. ' ■
QQQI HAVES— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
0002 housekeeping; also 1 parlor. ■ -
■ 1.--.-."''"---''-".--' 1 '
______ _ . — — - . .
1
HOUSEKEEPIXG ROOMS — Contlnnad.
■■ iioward Street.
1"1 AC) HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FkONT FUR-
X Xtt_ nished housekeeping rms. ; rent $10 to $15.
IQIR HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS
l.Oi-<J for light housekeeping; use of bath, laun-
dry, yard: no children.
' Jessie Street.
OP.fl JESSIE— FLOOR OF 3 NICE ROOMS, UN-
U«)v/ furnished; yard; cellar; rent .$l2.
Minna street.
O"| O MINNa-NICE FRONT SUNNY ROOM;
OI U rent cheap. ■ '
A 99 MINNA— 2 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
— —^ ing rooms: also single rooms. . .
3lis»ion Street.
pOQ MISSION ST.— SUITE FURNISHED
000 housekeeping rooms; also other, for house-
keeping; $6 and $8. -
> in tli Street.
"1 1 Q NINTH— BAY-WINDOW ROOM; LIGHT
llt> housekeeping; large closet; lower flat.
/ ;"!"; Oak Street.
97 OAK— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
-5 • very reasonable. .
O'JEarrell Street.
Q9Q O'FARRELL— FOUR NICE ROOMS FOR
O— O housekeeping; call 9to 12.
Seventh Street.
1 Q£ SEVENTH— 2 LA 808 SUNNY ROOMS;
X OD furnished complete for housekeeping; yard.
1 zl9 SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
X l—i rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
ado tor. • .--,::■. ;.-:■-.
Silver Street.
9£» SILVER-3 SUNNY ROOMS AND 2
--'U stalls; rent $10. ■
Tliird Street. \. ;
00 A THIRD ST.— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
uOt: keeping rooms: water free: $6.
Welsh Street. .
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms yard : cheap.
BOOMS TO I,KX;
liranuan Street.
499 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
l__j of stove; $1 per week.
i.tidy Street.
1I Q EDDY— BEAUTIFUL FRONT SUITE;
XXO other clean sunny rooms, $5 up.
. Jb-ighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
O St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
I iii.iiin Street.
09/-J FOLSOM, NR. FURNISHED
O--V/ rooms from $1 a week. . r
Geary Street.
A"I Q GEARY — UNFURNISHED FRONT
rrA.V suite, suitable for doctor or dentist; also
other*rooms with privileges of housekeeping.
Cl Q GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS, SUITE AND
0 LO single: parlor and bedroom; others; offices.
Qf\-\ GEARY — BAY - WINDOW ROOM;
GUI mantel; 2 closets; new sunny flat.
1 i ft 1 GEARY, COR. VAN ness aye.. THE
HIM Martinet; first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired. .
(ioldea Gate Avenue.
£>QQ GOLDEN GATE — ELEGANTLY FUR-
-000 nished rooms; single and suites.
ilaight Street.
1 7 HAIGHT— I OR 9 PLEASANT FRONT
X i furnished rooms; use of bath; privilege of
light housekeeping; preferences.
Harrison Street..
7791 HARRISON — FINELY FURNISHED
• • —2 sunny rooms; bath, closet, yard; $1 week.
Howard Street. • :< /:*.
CM HOWARD— 2 FUKNISHEDOR UNFUR-
«.)«JI nished rooms. .
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
~ 'J I management: elegant; sunny suites and
single: newly tarnished; batb, etc.; $10 to sho.
OAf: JONES— LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
ij\JfJ room; running water; gas; private family.
Kenrny street.
A RLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLBAS-
xV am irinny rooms, en suite and single; first dan
in every respect; terms reasonable.
I-aikni Street. '
49Q LARKIN- NICELY FURNISHED
•qr-^t/ suites: single; running water; bath; gas.
market street..
YOPFMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night. 35c 10 $1 ; week, $1 50 to S5; families.
Mason Street.
n MASON, NEAR MARK ET-S UNN V ROOM;
well urn. shed; $1 week. •
Minna >treet.
f>nn MINNA, COR. EIOHTH-NEWLT FUR-
UU I nighed bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Mint Aveaua. -aBTB
rMINT AYE.— (NEW MANAGEMENT)
0 Sunny suite and single; terms very moderate.
Yiis-.iim Street.
TT'UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
X_ furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 A 9Q MISSION - N ICE FURNISHED SUN-
X xZit 1 ny rooms; fcingle or suite.
O'X'arrell Street..
QOC O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
t/_iiU sunny room ; running water; suitable tor 2.
■;' v ;\ Pine Street.
£91 BAY-WINDOW ROOM, ORATE
U-jX and .$10; single and double, $6 and $8;
quiet.
I'ost Street.
9A? POST— PLEASANT FURNISHED SUN-
_-v • ny rooms; suitable tor downtown clerks.
Kill POST— NICE FURNISHED SUNNY
O\JX rooms; single or en suite; rates reasonable.
Stockton Street.
A-\ 7 STOCKTON— LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT,
ttX I bay-window room, $10; 2 unfurnished; con-
venient. - .. . ' l"X '. ■-;•
Xebama Street.
OHO TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH— FURNISH-
OUO ed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable..
' Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
» 1 Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading I'm : free bus.
THIRD, KOSTERHOUSE— FURNISHED
— i\JO rooms, single and suites: $8 and $16 up.
Valencia Street
9flK VALENCIA— SUNNY FURNISHED
Zd\JO room ; running water and batb ; rent $7.
Webstor Street. ~~
-I 99 WEBSTER. COB. HAIGHT-2 SUNNY
XZiZj rooms; light housekeeping; modern con-
veniences.
. Miscellaneous.
"VTICELY FURNISHED FRONT AND BACK
-Li parlor, suitable for doctor or dentist; good loca-
tion. Address Dr., box 16, Call.
BliJi.ii.'A.. ,*->!> 1.1.11J1>. - %
j7idr^ T^ o^ LOCKS FItO^BAKER—
trvftr Sunny rooms with board.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel : references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
CUILUUKN BOAKUJ.D. " . ".
1 OR 2 CHILDREN OR AN INFANT TO
X board; nice home; mother's care; best of refer-
ences; room for parent if desired. 1205 Laguna.
V RESPECTABLE LADY, 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
to board; mother's care terms moderate. Ap-
ply 120i> Juniper St., bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Harrison. . • , ■;.'-.
T A I) Y WOULD LIKE IOR 2 SMALL CHIL-
XJ dren or an Infant to care for; best references.
803 Church sU, near Twenty-second. ,
; STOK. STO _JiT. — —
STORE TO LET— 9 STOCKTON ST., NEAR
Market: -at present occupied store will be va-
cant In a few weeks. Apply MRS. S. MISU, 133
Kearny st» I ;•■:
K991 SIXTH— STORE; 3 ROOMS; LARGE
«J_j_j2 yard; suitable for business or family;
rent 12. ! ' '
pORNER STORE; LIVING-ROOMS AND
./fixtures; reasonable. 600 Ninth st. \ , ■
A"I A KEARNY— LAKGE Allti .-k^j.. .v.,_i
llv fine oflices; light manufacturing; liberal
Inducements. I ■ -■--■.- •, .
---— ----— -__^-----— — ,
ELEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton; first floor. " .;
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW~iPRECK_i_3
J building, B_s8 _ 5 Market: . rents low ; no extra
charge for gas,! janitor services or heating. Appl-
at bund his or <j. H. UMBSEN <fc CO.. 14 Monte. it.
____________ ______________ ,
rUVSIUANS.
T\R.A.dkLUCIB,PHYSICN-SUROEON.ROYAL
University Turiu.italy. Nucleus blag, Obi Marltt !
.':» PIANOS. . VIOLL\S, JKTC.
EBB'S YOUR CHANGE, BARGAIN-HUNT^
- 1 - 1 - er— An elegant new Wheelock, bought In New
\ ork only a year ago, price $600, in perfect con-
dition, and offered for any reasonable price by
widow forced to return East:, must be sold
immediately; other high-grade used pianos. Hard-
man, Stelnway. Chlckertlur, etc., at low prices and
easy terms; also 100 elegant new pianos to select
from. THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second
floor Flood building, Fourth and Market Bts. .
AfAG N I FIC EX T STEIN WAY ~ PIANO OF-
i'i fered by lady forced to ; art with it: install-
ments if required. Room 21, 808 Market st.
•ftT^ft ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO;
%ipXO\J. splendid tone; bargain. 115 Seventh.
9 REGISTER PEDAL PIPE OHGAN FOR
church or studio; cheap. 815 Webster st.
\J- ER 'V~ FfNE UPRIGHT PIANO, ALMOST
> new; great sacrifice. Can be seen mornings
and evenings at 2030 Bush st. -
7H CHICKERfNG ROSEWOOD PIANO'
I O. cost $500; $5 installments. 221 Levuwrth.
STEIN AY, $165; \V_BKrt. $260: SMALL
upright, $80; , bargains ., BRUKNN, 228 Post.
QlA{\ BARGAIN; FINE PIANO; GOOD
<3)-X\J. condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlbernia Bank.
9 P. SECOND-HAND PIANOS AT FROM $75
— v up; good instruments, all of them: small in-
stallments. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 321 Post
St., San Francisco.
HAIXES BROS. PIANO; WITHOUT A SUPE-
rior; we invite comparison: prices moderate.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st. S. F.
A SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOR
X-. cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
COME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
/ novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one - very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and soe it
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS & >ON, sole
agents, -3 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan.
* SHAW, $425; '2 STEINWAYS, $215, $195;
-TV Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
lANOS— I '. ■ ]
• Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. / 35 Market st.
9ft n/\f| SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
-jU.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
GOOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
VJ good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
HAINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gens' piano,
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 524 Post st.
pONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS" NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33« Post st.
CtHICKERING.KNABR, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farreli.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
" rell, room 1. flrat floor: take elevator; pianos
End organs sold for cash or installments.
AS OUR NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY <t CO,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
<J[J ] 7 C CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<J)X lU. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
T ECKER BROS., STEINWAY,FISCHER AND
-L» other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEii &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS;;LOW PRICES. KOHLER
CHASE.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST fcT.— SOIIMEB,
Newby <fe Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
S~ TEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $266; SOMHR,
$237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
—"V grade T. L. Neumann plauoa for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st. •
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. ' : ~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
in Ban Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
. 929 Market bu. Spreckels buUdlng.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_»
- *- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
__OJNK_ TO iOAft."
OAKLAND LOANS ON REAL ESTATE;
lirst mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates 01 interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
MONK Y~TO LOAN; PRIVATE. 410 KEARNY
-■'X st., room 6.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY.ETO
Columbia Loan <fc Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
<ft9^flft WANTED, ON CIT.Y PROPERTY;
is^O\J\J worth ssooo; at 7 per cent. P., box 65,
Call Office. . .
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES?"
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
05 FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PHIVATIS
party; low interest; strictly private. 215 Powell.
LOANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
-I Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sis.
VfONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
iM other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market gt..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 'lurk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohob build 'g, 1170 Market st.
1 ST A 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
Xtates;loweBt rates;no delay .MURPHY. 62B Mrkt.
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos; lowest rate; call and
state your proposition or write: open evenings.
J. NOON AN, 1021 Mission St.
QPLftn ftftft ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST
«gcJlf'')UUUrateB -A .SCHULLER ,SOB Montgy
ONEY TO LOAN" ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
VI ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS. WAR-
ATX rants. SALOMON A Co.. Montgomry.r.2l4.
PAWNBBOBXBB.
t"I2S KEARNY ST. ROolT W 9^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: prl-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
fix AS VIAL.
LOANT^N W^S^ %^A^D^D^iO^T^^aE!TAND
■l-i lite insurance policies: low rate of interest:
bankbook, bought. 330 Montgomery st,.
© 1 fid fil in TO loan ON LIFE INS. POLI-
IUU. \J\J\J cles. JOS. B.TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
_^^ BLKUICAW _ ; .
ALL FEM AL_T~IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
fineme t: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WKYTH, 918 Post St., near Larkln.
LESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING FROM
JJ female troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never falls to cure a single case: beware
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispcusury. 14
McAllister st., next Hinernia Bank: consult free
DR. and MRS. I>A VIES; home in confinement:
French Female Pink Pills.
LADIES, CONSULT FKF.E MRS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell st.: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated
A, NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
. merits or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
ADIES— CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. •
ECZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated at 1207 Market St., rs. _<£3 ;German spoken.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE";
housekeeping apartments; strictly private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH ILLS— A BOON TO
— V. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
Vf KS. AND DR. HERWIG, PRIVATE CON-
-1»X finement home; good care and attendance;
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis st.
1 R, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
J-'^Jones^ Diseases of women and children.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low fees: regulator, $2.
1370 Market. - ■
ADfES — DAUDET'S FEMALE. REGULA
-— I ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail-
sl per box. WIDBEK'B drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sis., sole agents.
A~~ sure CUR_~FOR ALL FEMALE on-
♦•aseg, from whatever cause; a homo in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction Guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. -i'JB Turk st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
1" F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASB
-L «ec Mrs. Dr. Pnetn and be content." -54^ 4t_.
RTOKAGK
A^^pXYT^R^R^fE^To^SToTrTN^T^uirNK
ture, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK. 747 Market.
A MERICANr FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR-
jtV. ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
H. ROONY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 perload
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN _ CO.. 751 and 763 Market st. .
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
I LSOX BROTHERS. . 1710 MARKET—
»> Storage: low rates: telephone South 762. -
BUIi UINIi AND LOAN -ASS OCIA'I lON.
(CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS,
\J sociation— Home office, 222 j Sansome st., S F,
General savings <- loan business. Ed E. Hill, IT*
Oliver i_l_ri_se V.Pr.i W Corbin, Sec.<fcUeu.M»a
CITY REAL ESTATE.
U2^s7\7i\^lisT*ble^old7~n^wTst^ry
tiDOOU". house: bar and 3 living-rooms; clear-
store and stable: lot 25x1a0; well located; would
rent for $40; some cash, balance on easy terms.
Apply 715 Fifth aye., near Golden Gate Park. . .
1 O(U I '-'50, $1100, $1000, $800— RICH-
*P 1 O\J\t. mond lots: Lake st., 3d aye., 2d aye.,
Clement st., 19th aye., etc. ■
Vy ANTED— 2 LOTS NEAR CLIFF HOUSE;
" good view; cash. Address L., box 6. Call.
HOIIsE^F 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE CEL-
lar and garden, lot 22:6x96. 2439 Larkin si.
}^6r SALE— CHEAP; LOT 25x125; WITH
-I new cottage of 5 rooms; 131 Diamond st. Ap-
ply 412 22d su __ __
<2?1 Iriiiti FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
rJPXUUU. cal. and Nev. R. R. in Eerkeley: $50
down, $15 monthly.
$350-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly.
$750— Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly. ':'
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
_CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
RIGHT, CHEERY, HEALTHFUL LOCA-
■" "on. Fruit vale Terminal Tract: lots $150 up.
X^O-R SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
x irancisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
. n Utt land * No reasonable offer refused. Apply
281/2 Zoe st., city.
gome CHEAP LOTS. ~
£> ,_._ c r;ght in town.
$1050— Stevenson st., bet. 12th and 13lh; 26x
J,.J^ ays a ground rental ; easy terms.
£2800— Corner 011 Brady st., near Market; 36x
100, with L; very cheap; easy terms
$4000— Make an offer; splendid location for a
teamster; 80x81; 3 Jrontages; pays $30 ground
rent per month. :■
-• U2 BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st. "
<3*97/ : ; $275. ~~~ ~
«JpZil«J. $275. $275.
South of the Park.
JS' and O streets.
10th and 11th avenues.
$25 cash; $10 monthly.
A good speculation.
:;; BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
•' j 10 Montgomery st.
C MORE LOTS SOLD THIS WEEK, 11 THE
1 ' week before. Fruits-ale Terminal Tract. Lots
$100 up, $5 per month. THE McCAR THY CO.
3 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BA Y-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc., built for $3200; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. .lAS McCON a II A Mission
COIiMTKI^ KEAL KSTATJb..
"PDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., ' ~—~ .
Sackamento and Sax Fhancisco.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
A good investment— Price $4500; the cheapest
little ranch in any of the bay counties: situated
.below Palo Alto, 1% miles from railroad station:
all in fine Growth of 5-year-old orchard, just be-
ginning to bear, which will bring a neat income
this year; improvements are good; investigation
will couviDceyou that it is good Income property,
besides a tine country home; soil, climate and
railroad facilities cannot be duplicated in any pare
of the State; $800 down, balance easy yearly pay-
ments.
$4000—41 acres, a splendid piece of property,
which would make a fine roadside bouse; 12 acres
orchard, 2 acres in vineyard; large house of 9
rooms; good barn; fenced with wire fence; 2
horses, 1 cow, wagon, buegy, chickens, hogs and
nil farming utensils; this is a nice little place and
needs to be seen to be appreciated; only 3 miles
from Napa City.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
V ... 29, second floor, Mills building,
- . San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED IB YEARS.
N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
latest, and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
2 CHOICE PIECES OF TIMBER LAND TO
exchange for country or suburban property ; will
assume mortgage or pay part cash. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
rpo FARMERS. ~
-L If you are not making money on your crops
invest in the Lemoore Land and Fruit Growing
Company; shares only $10 each in lots of 1 share
or more; paying 8 per cent annually; next quar-
terly dividend of 2 per cent payable April 1, 1896.
Office, room 12, fifth floor, Mills building, San
Francisco.
Produce of all kinds taken in exchange for
shares. . ;\ .v
CtA(\ ACRES; GOOD HOUSE; BARN; GRAIN
yjj-yJ house; chicken house; spring water piped
to house; large spring which will furnish all water
needed for irrigation; all fenced; no frosts: one-
quueter of this la the best of orange and lemon
land: very small first payment; long time, com-
mencing next fall: low interest; price only $6 per
acre. WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
©^s^ C\f\ A COUNTRY HOME:
iJi)*JU\J\f. r°w and stylish: nine large rooms;
gas fixtures and electric service; large grounds;
beautiful oak trees; perfect climate; a great bar-
gain. J. T. DUNN, 12 Montgomery st., S. F.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. ~
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young oranee groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad out lie line between
Stockton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions or the property
1 either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
j who has received diplomas and medals at eight
j different county fairs In the State and for a small
i consideration cares tor the orange groves for non-
I residents. '
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land. Including a perpetual water right
and planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable ia
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogue* xi-
dress ■■ ••■■.?.";
kastom, eldridge * CO.,
038 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWINO, our representative.
' ' . _Oakdal«, CaL
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; 12?
-l-l proved; easy terms; also 4, 6. and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; » partly improved,
with small house, e'e D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market .St.. S. F.
MA IN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular. ..■■.-,
Improved dairy farms f6r sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME*
for sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
atr* 1 free. . .
Bfc*f> K|i«« KEAXi ESTATE.
DON'T YOU want TO Liy e loncTand i' die
happy? then select your home In beautiful
Berkeley: lots, and lots of them, for sale by JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station. v
T OOKAT THIS— I HAVE FOR exchange
J-J for a small ranch a 6-room cottage; lot 120 x :
135; beautiful view; value $3000; mortgage
$1300. JOS.-J. MASON, Dwlght-way station.
I HAVE GOT JUST WHAT YOU WANT; NEW
house; thoroughly well built; large corner lot;
cars pass the door: and on your own terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
SANTA CLARA COONTY.
7~ KKAL i-.S'J'ATE.
SANTA^UA^A^oljNTfY^pi^m'EirTY
for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds;
large oaks; suitable for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acres or less;
stable, two ■ cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imple-
ments, wagons, horses, cows, pigs, chickens: 30
acres fruit, trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres In wheat
and barley. For price and fur. her particulars apply
E. McCURRIE, office Lloyd Tevig, Mill* bldn. s. F ]
TO EXCHANGE.
cry ACRES ; IN^S^4TMILES
O\J from San Francisco for Oakland or Alameda
residence. L. box 18, Call Office.
TJiXCHANGE BRITANNICA ENCYCLOPEDIA
JCJ with index and supplement complete. 29 vols.,
new cost $174; want piano, bankbook or cash
offer. Address KENYON. J556V4 Natoma st.
ILL GIVE VIuLIN FOR BICYCLE. AD-
dress H. t A., box 136, Call Office.
GOOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
"J ley property to exchange • for land or ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
TO LEASE.
TO LET QR LEals~E^^Vi2sT"n\vT^O\\ n"
send and Clarence sts., near railroad depot; as
a whole or in parts; building altered to suit tenant;
steam obtainable. • Apply to BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery st.
mO LEASE —OX MISSION ST.-, 2 LOTS;
X splendid location for grain and lumber yard;
rent a trifle. C, box 6, Call Office.
BICXCjLES. ~~
WINDSOR : BICVCLEsT STRICTLY HIGH"
grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT & CO., 324 Post St.. si. F. . ■■.-:-.'■.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LETT
J- best accommodation. Terminus Geary, M.c»
▲Ulster and Powell st. car lines. *
ATTOKNEYJ-AT^LAW. ~ "~
~"vrMriCE~FRiEE^D^^
A alty; private; no chare* unless successful; all
suits, claims, collections,' wills. deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. Market.
J. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR~AT
• law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
W"~W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.42O
• Callft>iai» aw rm» 14-11 • advice Ira*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
Oakland kkal, ESTATE.
INE HOUSE SACRIFICED; centrally
located: near railroad station: well surrounded;
next to corner; 68x127: '^use of 9 rooms; In
spli ndid order: very sunny: "J-story stable; room
for croquet grounds; clear property might be taken
in part payment or.terms. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1060 Broadway.
MUD 7-ROOM HOUSK; LOT 50x109;
opposite residence of U. S. Senator George C.
Perkins: lovely view; mortgage $1600 can run;
will take $1200 for equity: good buy. E. E.
BUNCE; 1008 Broadway, Oakland. ■
(Jj tl >.'^n BUSINESS CORNER LOT; SEV-
«ir>— O\J . enth street. Apply at store, 1548 Park
street, Alameda.
<)/» ACHES, SANTA CLARA COUNTY, AT
—\J Saratoga; 20 acres fruit; house and barn;
$5750; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth aye.. Oakland;
80x116; very cheap. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway
© 1 OH cash a~nT7 $ m ~pe~k~ MONTH WILL
id • \J\J secure a new 6-room cottage; lareelot:
close to station and electric cars: price $1800.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin station. Berkeley.
QIAO LOTS AT FRUITVALK STATION;
<P-Lv/V/. come to-day. LODGE <fc POWELL.
Q% MONTHLY FOR 5-ROOM COTTAGES;
t£Zi\J plans free. F. BOEOLE. Golden Gate statn.
<ijji P.fJ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IX
vyi-O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
»nd $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements.
11. B. PINNEY .owner. MS Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI. AM l>.\ RKAL •STY 1 E.
X 1 aye., cost $11,500. now offered for $9000,
choice property; lot 69x400 with water front, offer
wanted: fine- investment In vacant lots. E. D.
JUDD. 142 Park St., Alameda.
ff-r^ri 40x160, STREET SEWERED AND
r^UOyj graded;- $6200, business lot 50x150, fine
cottage, 6 rooms: 7-room house on Union st., bar-
gain. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St., Alameda. •
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— COTTAGE^ 6f~6~LARGe"rOOMS;
A all conveniences; high; partly finished base-
ment; garden; large lot; best location in Alaineda,
being between Mastick (broad gauge) and Encinal
Park (narrow gauge) railroad stations; low rent.
Inquire 1437 Mcl'hersonst., near Santa Clara aye.
LATESI SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Tram- Atlantfo Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 23— 8tmr La Bour
goene. from Havre; stmr Illinois, from AntwerD.
QUEENSTuWN— HaiIed Feb 'Si— ritinr Umbria,
for New York.
LIZAHD-I'ossed Feb 23-Ktmr La Gsscogne,
from New York for Havre.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Phenlcia,
from Hamburg: stmr Christiana, from Huiiiburi(.
I
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
31 AKIUED.
BCRI.INGAME— In this city, February
22, 1896, by the Rev. Dr. ". R. Dllle, Le Roy P.
Burlingameto Bertha A st, both of San Fran-
cisco. . .)
WAUGH— MELBOURNE— I: th!s city, February
16,1896, by the Rev. Father Reason, Geoffrey
S. Waugh and Daisy F. Melbourne. ■
l>Xjn.u.
Berg, Julius Fowler, Margaret A.
Biot, Leon J. Harris, James
Biarrl, Victor Hesselmeyer, Theodore
Brown. May I. Hynes, John ,*v - - ; '
Bullard, Samuel W. Keating. Edward H.
Burke, William C. Kelly, Mc.laciii
Crayton, George Livingston, Gertrude L.
Coles, Lizzie Lincoln, Jerome
Cuenin, Francis . Premiss, Angelica
JJann, Anna M. Searle, Albert Ciari: •
Donevan. Ada C. Simon, Lulu
Eckhoil, William Taylor. Alexander
.".~ :<-'.-: Walsh, Mrs. Annie
BROWN-In Oakland, February 22, 1896, May I.
Brown, a native of California, aged IS years 3
months and 23 days.
ft B*" Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her husband, 607 Park avenue (Twenty-
third avenue station). East Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
BULLARD— In this city, February 22, 1896, Sam-
uel \V., dearly beloved infant son of .S. E. and
Minnie K. Bullard, a native of .San Francisco,
a^eil 1 year and 9 months.
fifiTFriends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of the parents, 915 Vallejo street. Funeral ser-
vice at 1:30 p. m. from St. Francis Church, Val-
leio street, between Dupont and Stockton. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. '.
BERG— In the City and County Hospital, Febru-
ary 23, 1896, Julius Berg, aged 46 years.
BIOT— In this city, February 23, 1896, Leon J.
. Biot, beloved brother of Mace Biot, aged 26
years and 6 months.
BIARRI— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 23, 1896, Victor Biarri, aifed 68 years.
BURKE— In this city, February 20, 1896. William
C Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years.
CRAYTON— In this city, February 21,1896,Ge0rf;e
Crayton, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 10 months.
COLES— this city, February 22, 1896, Lizzie
Coles, a native of New Brunswick, aged 33 years.
Hi)' Friends and acquaintances of hers and of
Mrs. Samuel Gardner are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 2
o'clock p. m.. from the residence of Mrs. Samuel
Gardner. l308!/2 Greenwich street. '
CUENIN— In this city, February 21, 1896, Francis
Cuenin. a native of France, aged 31 years and 8
months. [Calaveras papers please copy.]
aS*The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m., from Masonic
Temple.
DANN— In Oakland. February 20. 1896. Anna M..
wife of Nets P. Dann, and daughter of Hector
and Elizabeth Morrison, a" native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 38 years.
&3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence
of her parents, 1771 Seward street, Oakland.
. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
DONEVAN— In this city, February 23, 1896, at
her late residence, 762 a Folsom street, Ada C,
beloved wife of E. F. Donevan, a native of Wash-
ington, aged 31 years.
ECKHOFF— At Cripple Creek. Cal.. February 20,
1896, William Eckhoff, a native of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 52 y< ars and 9 months.
FOWLER— In this city. February 19, 1896. Mar-
garet A. Fowler, a native of New York, aged 60
years.
HARRIS— In this city, February 23, 1896. James
Harris, a native of England, aged 43 years.
HESSELMEYER— In this city, February 21,1896,
Theodore,, oe'oved husband of Dorothea Hessel-
meyer. and father of Henry T., Cornelia, Char-
lotte and Emily Hesselmeyer, a native of Osna-
brurk. Hanover, Germany, azed' 65 years 11
months and 6 days, New York and Cleveland
(Ohio) papers please copy.]
l£g~ Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, a. m.. from his late
residence. 2624 Bush street, near Broderick.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HYNES— In this city, February 22, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Anne Hynes, and father of
M. J., John D., William J., Kate and Nettie
' Hyiies, Mrs. William Young and Mrs. John A.
Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
»3-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
- (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. M. Interment private.
. Please omit flowers.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OF ST. IGNATIUS
Church— The office of the dead for the repose of
the soul of our late departed brother member,
Edward H. Keating, will be recited at the chapel
of the Sodality TO-MORROW (Tuesday) EVEN-
ING, at 8 o'clock. Relatives and friends are re-
spectfully 'invited to attend.
JAMES R. KELLY, Prefect.
Chas. A. McAuliff, Secretary. ■
KELLY— In this city, February 98, 1896. at bis
late residence, 8 Bartol street. Malacbl, beloved
husband of Johanna Kelly, and father of Mar-
garet Kelly, a native of the parish of Ballaa-
courty. County Galway, Ireland.
'.LIVINGSTON— In Oakland. February 22, 1896,
Gertrude Lily, beloved daughter of Robert F. and
Acnes H. Livingston, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years and 1 day.
LINCOLN- In this city, February 23, 1896,
Jerome Lincoln, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
C 6 years 6 mom in and 25 days.
-Notice of funeral hereafter.
PRE-NTISS— In this city.- February 21,1896. An-
gelica Prentiss, a native of New York, aged 58
years 7 months and 11 days.
SIMON— In this city. February 21, 1896. Luln
Salmon, grandniece of H. and C. W. Kenitzer,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 17 years and
■ 7 months.
aarFuneral private THIS DAY (Monday),
at 10 o'clock a. h., from her late residence, 2502
Bush street.
SEARLE- In San • Leandro, February 23, ' 1896,
Albert Clark Searle, beloved husband of Louisa
Searle and father of Dora Searle, aged t>3 years 7
mon'.hs and 21 days. ,
TAYLOR— In this city. February 20. 1896, Alex-
ander Taylor, a native of .Scotland, aged 45 years.
WALSH— In this city, February 23. 1896, Mrs.
Annie Walsh, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
: years;. ■ ■ (SB7SBI
I UNITED UNDKRTAKKRS* I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for l-'int-cluts Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
; McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBAf.M^ES,
' SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
"CYPRESS LAWTcEHETERYr
TV RAN MATEO COUNT ; NON-SECT
X laid ont on the lawn plan ; perpetual care bean-
Ufol, permanent and easy of access; see U before
fcuriug » burial place elsewhere. :.-■ —
Citjr office, 9 City Hall Areoafe
1314
TWO RABBIS AT
SWORD'S POINT
Nieto Takes Issue With
Voorsanger on the Gym
nasium Project.
STRONG LANGUAGE USED
The Editor of Emanu-El Virtu
ally Told to Mind His
Own Business.
VERACITY ALSO IN QUESTION.
Colonel Kowalsky Feebly Disguises a
Charge That Unfounded State
ments Have Been Made.
Rabbi Jacob Xieto of tlie congregation
Sherith Israel has crossed swords with
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the Temple
Emanu-El. His attitude is thus unmis
takably expressed in his own words, ad
dressed to his rabbinical adversary:
"You have thrown down the gauntlet.
1 accept the challenge. Let the battle
proceed."
Something; over a year ago Rabbi Nieto
brooched the project of Duilding a gym
nasium and lyceum in connection with the
synagogue with which he is connected.
His idea rapidly grew in favor with the
influential member? of his congregation,
and in October, L 895, the matter was made
a part of the plan, of the congregation in
connection with the proposed new syna
gogue.
I j> to the publication on last Friday of
an editorial in the Emann-El, a weekly
newspaper of which Dr. Voorsanger is
editor, the greatest friendship and har
mony of ideas had existed between the
now militant rabbis. On that day there
appeared the following portion of a leader
in the paper mentioned :
The latest agony in .^an Francisco is the erec
tion of new synagogues with accommodations
for physical culture. This happy union of
Pharisaism and Hellenism is heralded as one
of the treat discoveries of the age. Home of
our people surely have gone daft. We venture
k word of caution beiore the disease spreads
too far.
Last winter a bigoted expression in a local
paper led to a public discussion as to whether
Jews should or could join the Young Men's
Christian Association. It was ascertained that
some forty Israelites of all ages had become
members « that association, partly as an ex- i
pression of commendation 01 the unsectarian,
humanitarian work done under the auspices '
of that society, partly to avail themselves of !
the advantages 01 the school for physical cul- !
ture established in connection with' the social !
features of the Young Men's Christian Associa- ;
tion. It was not contended that these Jewish j
gentlemen had joined '.ne society for religious j
objects, yet two of the local rabbis publicly ex- \
pressed a fear that such bad example as was
set by the forty might have a deleterious in
fluence on the rest of the male Jewish con
tingent, and consequently Judaism was in
jeopardy, in danger, and all tne rest of the '
vocabulary.
Meanwhile the funny thing took a turn. !
The discussion opened the eyes oi some well- j
meaning but mistaken people as to the needs I
01 our community. It was contended that !
physical culture was a necessity, and because '
it was good policy to keep the Jewish youth I
from joining the Y. M. C. A., the synagogue,
mother of all good institutions, should lend a !
hand, and in future should set aside part of the j
sacred space lor the use of athletes who should
understand the happy union between tumbling '•
and Tephillin, swimming and Sabbath-keeping
and the like, and they said that only a welt
trained athlete could be a good Jew. This re- I
ductio ad absurdum found favor with some '
other good people and now and then some
credulous reporter was primed and put it in
the daily papers that some synagogue or other i
intended to have a gymnasium in connection ;
■with its work. It is needless to say that no
synagogue or congregation is seriously con- i
templating such a radical step, but then you
can tell a reporter most anything and he will
sell it to his principals as Ion;; as space is for
tale and must be filled.
The folly we have apostrophized comes from
a contusion of ideas. We need religious wor- i
ship and we need physical culture. But we i
need not, therefore, mix them up and i-o have
a mixture that will be a stench in the nostrils
of fair-minded Jews. We need them both, but
we need not on that account make fools of :
ourselves.
The fact is that we need in San Francisco a
general association tor the treatment of civil
and social principles. An association for
culture, mental as well as physical. Such an
Hion has hitherto been a failure in our
. partly because the need of mental
culture was not neatly felt, and partly, also,
-.? our various congregations and their
rabbis have not sufficiently encouraged such
istitution, which of needs must be non
congregational just as the Y. M. C. A. is non-
Kciarian.
en the need for physical culture is so
greatly lelt among the Jewish youth, ana if
that ne> <i is not satisfied in other directions,
why not establish a ceneral society and make
that old Hellenistic accomplishment one of its
features? We need a Young Men's Hebrew
Association. We lied one before; mayitssoul
rest in peace. Every culture society in San
Francisco has gone to rack and ruin because
: • r:c our people had greater need of enter
tHiiiinent than ot culture, hut we believe the
:iave changed and the people in them.
We believe that a society for culture would
now be a success, but success requires
patient labor, persistence and the courage of
opinions. Who has. them herearonnd? Who
will give up his hobby for the geneal
good, and his lad lorthe benefit of the greatest
number? If there are such in our midst we
have thie. peaceful proposilion to offer: Letthe
congregations, all of them, attend to their holy
work— the training of children, the instilling
of the moral law, the uplifting of the Thora
and the bringing of the people to their God.
And let those wno are willing and ready form
an organization for general culture, including'
■ nl, and in this way help tp realize the
ideais of all good men iii our midst. We are
ready to l.nd our aid. We have no ax to grind
and thereiore can help along. But we are
somewhat veary of the now one-year-old gos-
Mt hie tics and a swimming tank in con
nection wnti the house of our God.
_Kome hint reached the ears of Rabbi!
Nieto of Rabbi Voorsanger'p intention to
Attack his pet scheme and he warned the i
spiritual head of the Congregation
Emanu-El that he should expect him to
keep iiis hands off everything that con- i
cerned only the Congregation Sherith
Israel. Dr. Voorsanger, however, showed
no intention to change his attitude, but
busrpested thai he wouid be el:*d to submit
to Rabbi Nieto the proof of what be pro
posed to publish. But Rabbi Nieto de
clined to make himself a party, even in
Slightest degree, to anything that was in
onoosition to his project. He informed
Editor Voorsanger that he wonld leave
him perfectly free, so that he might have
the same privilege in replying to what
ever mieht appear in the columns of
hmanu-bl. He was not, however, lookine
for anything of to radical and antago
nistic character.
So thoroughly was Dr. Nieto aroused
over what he considers an unwarranted
interference with what concerned only his
congregation that he made t!io matter the
subject of T( marks iron, his pulpit on Sat
urday morning, taking tv« adversary
severely to task in unmistabable language
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Prft&tl Baking
r £^s^3 I UVf Uvl
ABSOLUTELY. PURE
Speaking of the matter yesterday Rabbi
Nieto said:
Dr. Voorsanger and I are the best of friends,
but we freely accord one another the privilege
of differing in opinion. In regard to the doc
tor's opposition to our projected venture I
mibt say that I have read his articles with a
great deal of surpri-e, and lind them neither
wit nor logic, nor any solid argument uiion
which anything dlirnilied with the name of an
objection could be based.
The doctor's attempt at facetiousness in
ridiculing things that he has hitherto held
sacred is very poor policy and very bad taste,
and I feel compel led to say that the tenor of
the article la question is anything but gentle
manly and the language anything but polite.
Voo'rsanger or nu Vooreauger, the Congrega
tion Sherith Israel will strive to accomplish
their design. This attempt on the part of Dr.
Yoorsanger to stultify our efforts in this direc
tion and render nugatory all propositions put
forward by any other congregation is not new.
For the past six months tlie amiable doctor has
been Interviewing a great many of our mem
bers and striving to persuade them against
continuing with this good work. But he failed
signally as was shown at the last general meet
ing, when the proposition was approved nein.
con. The good doctor, with his usuai gener
osity, is very lavish in his use of polite epi
thets; but there 4a a sad disagreement between
the several terms which he uses to de
line the state of our mind. First we are daft,
then we are fools; verily the gentle rabbi
shxnreth how religion turneth man to good
ness. lam one of the fools, and perhaps the
principal fool, and fool though I be, 1 will
never be daft enough to surrender at the bid
ding of a rabbi who goes out of his way to
interfere with what does not concern him.
We might be impressed with the sincerity of
the genial rabbi's contention were it not that
both his utterances and his written convic
tions bid us beware of so grave an error. The
zealous rabbi has expressed the opinion that
if successful this would be the greatest
opposition Temple Kmanu-El has ever had, and
at the end of his editorial he craves permis
sion to put his digital appendages iuto the
confectionery.
In regard to the statements in the reverend
gentleman's editorial, I am forced to say that
the doctor is ignorant of or has willfully mis
stated facts. Whichever way soever it be,
there is no excuse for the doctor, for a man
should always be certain before he sets himself
up to be a critic.
We are serious, so serious that we have ap
proved the principle, and are taking active
measures toward the completion of our plan,
and the doctor knows it. Again the doctor is
mistaken when he refers to the project as a
one-year-old on November 8, 18'J-l. 1 deliv
ered a lecture on some commercial needs iv
which 1 foreshadowed the design which to-day
is a complete mid accepted one. This lecture
preceded the Y. M. C. A. discussion to which
tne reverend gentleman, it seems to me, al
ludes, only to pay a compliment to himself.
While here I feel bound, in self-justification,
to demur at tlie good doctor leaving so un
decided the identity of the two local rabbis of
whom he speaks, and to say that I was not of
that number. I feel, too, bound to enter a plea
for good I>r. Voorsanger. Unfortunately he
labors under two very great disadvantages.
First, he lias never had his position in this
community defined to him, and so the flattery
of pretended admirers has led him to arrogate
to himself powers he has not, and to assume
authority he cannot maintain.
The non-Jewish public may choose to regard
him as chief rabbi of San Francisco — a title
and style that would be acceptable to him—
but Dr.Voorsanger's authority — to what extent
it is permitted to him we neither know nor
care— begins and ends with Temple Emanu-El.
Other rabbis may have allowed themselves to
be dictated to by Dr. Voorsanger, but that was
only in the interest of peace, but 1 absolutely
refuse to heed his so-called warning, and say
to him, 1 court defeat but never surrender.
Your vehemence against my persuasiveness.
You have thrown down the gauntlet, I accept
the challenge — let the battle proceed.
The next disadvantage to the doctor is his
failure to distinguish his separate personali
ties. There is the rabbi, the editor and the in
dividual, but the doctor pets his three selves
so horribly mixed up that he scarce knows in
what capacity he Is acting, lie begins his arti
cle like the editor, hostile and abusive; sud
denly remembers he is a rabbi and aft'ects to
season his abusive with some wise remarks
about religion, and then as suddenly recollect
ing the individual and the claims of that indi
vidual he proceeds to advertise himself and
his temple.
Not tiie least striking feature of the mat
ter, in view of the interference of Rabbi
Voorsanger in a matter entirely foreign to
him or his congregation, is that the Con
gregation Sherith Israel with one accord
is in favor of the gymnasium and lyceum
annex first agitated in San Francisco by
Rabbi Nieto.
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky, one of the trus
tees of the synagogue, was highly indig
nant over the stand of Rabbi Voorsanger
and expressed himself as follows:
Yes, I have carefully read the article of the
Rev. I)r. Jacob Yoorsanger, contained in his
weekly publication, the Emanuel, attacking
the advisability, wisdom and practicability of
the building of a gymnasium and lyceum in
connection wifh the new synagogue about to
be buili by the Congregation Bherith Israel,
and I must confess that the object of the at
tack is so purely selfish and hypocritical that
I could have never been induced to have
viewed the reverend author from the narrow
position that he has placed himself in.
There is a history attached to the origin of
the scheme to errect the gymnasium and
lyceum which is needless for me to enter upon.
Among the tirst to whom the subject was
broached was this learned reverend gentle
man. He thought it then, as he admits in his
article, that the object was noble, beneficial
and worthy and much needed, but insisted
that it ougnt not to be in connection with my
congregation. And when asked why he ol
feied the remarkable reason that it would in
terfere with the conduct of the religious ser
vu-.s, and again that it oueht to be delayed at
lea^t five years and various other" silly
and gauzy reasons which were only
a disguise for his real reason, and which was
fully understood at the time by not only
myself but by others to whom he ventured his
solicited advice upon a subject growing out of
ttie judgment of a congregation over which he
has no more control than Archbishop Riordan
lias over the conduct or the services of the
Celestial josh-house run by one of the six
Chinese companies.
The gracious reverend, with an eye on the
main chance, sees that in the erection of this
splendid annex to the Congregation Bherith
Israel, that it will meet with the approval of the
better element of the thinking and progressive
young Hebrew, and that a great institution,
combining the moral and Physical culture of
the Jew, will have Decomea factor and a
power in the Jewish community — without him.
Therefore it must not bo, so says Lir. Voor
sanger, no matter what the good.
It must be crushed so that the reverend
gentleman can stand not alone in the Jewish
eye, but in the Christian as well, the colossus
<>: all that is worthy or good to the Jewish
people. Well, this vanity will not be gratified.
And though the reverend doctor reforms Juda
ism to such an extent that the good father
Abraham would fail to recognize his descend
ants, the gymnasium and lyceum will be built
Hnd upon such lines that even he will be
forced to bow in recognition of its groat worth.
The reverend doctor should not allow the
venom of his spleen to blind him to the truth.
And when he says, to quote his own language,
"It is needless to say that no synagogue or
congregation is seriously contemplating such a
radical step — but then. you can tell a reporter
anything and he will sell it to his principals
r.s long as space is for sale find must be filled"—
he states that which is in absolute centradic
tion of every existing fact; facts of record
facts that are a part of a judicial petition that
lias been acted upon by our Superior courts
and which have passed i-nto a judgment
of the court— facts that are Dublic. and regard
ing which no newspaper man, fledgling or
otherwise, much/less a divine whose life is ex
j>ected to be given to truth, should dare to
falsify— and in proof of his misstatement, which
cannot be excused for want of history and
records or inquiry.
I will state that in October, 1895, the Con
gregation Sherith Israel, in pursuance with a
written notice from the president, Louis
Brown Esq., and Alex, liadt, secretary, a gen
eral meeting was called, and that at that
meeting it was voted with but one dissenting
vote that the congregation corporation should
sell all its property and repurchase a proper
site for the erection of a house of worship, a
■ gymnasium and lyceum. Thereafter the
board of directors voted to present the congre
; scion's petition to the Superior Court asking
leave to sell, which was done, and the order
wan made by the Hon. A. A. Sanderson, Judge ;
'•■ and the committee on site ie busj in review
ing the respective sites offered, and the con
gregation is wealthy enough to go on and do
its building and is not asking any heip from
outsiders or kindred religious institutions.
So it seems to me that me dear reverend doc
i tor's anxiety about his neighbor's flock is not
1 without a purpose, and I lor one of the trustees
of Sheritli Israel feel that if we need any guid
ance from a rabinical standpoint that our own
reverend doctor is well able to diagnose our
case and pie.-cribe for our ailments. You know
you must have confidence in your doctor be
fore his medicine can avail you.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1896.
GRAVE CHARGES
AGAINST MONGER
Another Big Sensation in
the Revenue Cutter
Service.
HOOPER IS IMPLICATED.
Lieutenant Ross of the Commo
dore Perry Forwards a Com
plaint to Carlisle.
DEATH OF A SAILOR INVOLVED
He Is Said to Have Been Drowned
Through Dereliction on Mun
ger's Part.
On Friday there went forward to Wash
ington from this City a communication
that is destined to create an upheaval in
the revenue-cutter service, compared to
which the Healy investigation, just con
cluded, was an almost imperceptible
temblor.
It was learned from absolutely reliable
sources that the cause of the impending
sensational exposures was the recent pro
motion of Captain Munger, formerly in
command of the revenue cutter Corwin, to
be assistant superintendent of construc
tion, on the recommendation ofVaptain
C. L. Hooper, senior officer of the revenue
cutter service, formerly commander of the
Rush and now superintendent of con
struction, with his office in the Appraiser's
building in this City.
The document referred to is a statement
of certain occurrences that bear date as
far back as May of last year, and involve
directly Captain M linger and indirectly
Captain Hooper. This statement was
mailed to Secretary of the Treasury Car
lisle on Friday by Captain H. 1). Smith,
commander of the revenue cutter Commo
dore Perry. It was formulated and writ
ten by his first lieutenant, W. G. Ross, and
Simply passed through the hands of Cap
tain Smith in the regular routine of such
proceedings.
The matters mentioned in this state
ment have been the subject of comment
among the officers of the Bear, Rush and
Perry, now all in the harbor, for some
time; in fact since the news was first re
ceived of the promotion of Captain
Monger.
In order to obtain a full appreciation of
the grave character of the charges that are
likely to result from this preliminary it is
necessary to take up events of nine months
ago, at the time the revenue cutter fleet
was consolidated in Bering Sea.
In this statement it is charged that last
May, while Captain M linger was in charge
of a boat conveying a" number of men from
one vessel to another, he was in such a
state of intoxication that he was incapac
itated from properly discharging the du
ties of his position, and that as a conse
quence the boat was capsized and one of
the crew drowned. The incident, it is
stated, was known to a large number of
the men connected wi'h the service, but
no notice was taken officially of the matter
until last September.
At that time Lieutenant Ross was ex
ecutive officer of theCorwin under Mlin
ger, and under what ne considered his
proper sense of duty he filed charges
against his commanding officer with Cap
tain Hooper, the senior officer of the rJeet,
alleging drunkenness and relating the in
cident which ended in so tragic a manner.
So far as Lieutenant Ross was able to
learn these cnarKes were ignored or taken
up in such a mild way as to amount to a
virtual ignoring of them. Feeling that
he had fulfilled his outy in the matter
Lieutenant Ross allowed the matter to
rest without further action.
Subsequently he was placed on the Perry
as executive officer under Captain Smith,
and t-aptain Hooper received the appoint
ment to be superintendent of construction
of matters connected with the marine rev
enue service. Such an appointment is one
of the most desirable in the service, as it
involves shore duty and is considered one
of the highest compliments that can be
paid to an officer.
But when Captain Hooper, who had ap
parently ignored these charges against
Captain Munirer, recommended the latter
to be iiis assistant, with extra compensa
tion and added honor and comfort, Lieu
tenant Ross found it incumbent on him to
call the attention of the highest authority
to the matters already mentioned. His
course is unprecedented, as his complaint,
according to the usual mode of procedure,'
should have gone through Captain Hooper',
who is still the ranking oilicer of the rev
enuocutier fleet of the Pacific.
hut in view of the action taken by Cap
tain Hooper on the charges previously riled
against Captain Munger, Lieutenant Ross,
it is claimed, bad no other recourse but to
ask his commander to forward the state
ment direct to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Under ordinary circumstances such 'a
course would have been deemed nothing
less than mutiny.
In this statement the charges against
Captain Munger are not only repeated, but
attention is. called lo the peculiar conduct
of Captain Hooper in connection with
them and of his recommendation of Cap
tain Munger for promotion while knowing
of the charges that had been made against
Munger.
It is the general opinion and expectation
of all who are cognizant of the matter
that Secretary Carlisle will on learning
the contents *of the statement made by
Lieutenant Ross at once order an inquiry
into the conduct of both Captain Hooper
and Captain Munger. The latter is now
at Port Townsend. The investigation will
undoubtedly be held in this City.
An attempt was made last nicht to sub
stantiate these statements by presenting
them to Lieutenant Koss or Captain Smith.
The former gentleman was not at his hotel
and could not be traced and Oap'ain
Smith refused absolutely to speak of the
matter, saying that the only connection
he had had with anything that referred to
this affair was to forward to Washington a
communication placed in his hands for
Secretary Carlisle by Lieutenant Ross. On
being pressed to either affirm or deny the
substance of what precedes his only
answer was "I must refuse to give yon any
information on this subject. My lips are
sealed in regard to it. 1 '
STEPPED ON THE TRACK.
An Aged Lady Injured by an Electric
Car.
Mrs. Whitbeck. an elderly lady who re
sides at the corner of Eddy and Leaven
worth streets, was knocked down by a
passing car on Mission street, near Ninth,
yesterday afternoon. She was waiting for
an approaching car, and while in her
anxiety to get in a position to board it she
did not observe one coming from an oppo
site direction and stepped directly in its
way. The speed of the car was materially
checked and the lady received no severe
injuries, unless on account of her ad
vanced age she suffers from the jar and
fright.
PADEREWSKI'S FAREWELL
The Great Pianist Played to a
Large and Enthusiastic
Audience.
At the Close of the Performance He
Received Cheers and Round After
Round of Applause.
When Ignace Paderewski stepped on the
stage of the Baldwin Theater last night to
give his final piano recital in this City he
confronted one of the best and most ap
preciative audience? he has had since he
came here. Every seat in the house was
taken and the fluttering of fans and shim
mering of bright-colored silks of the ele
gant costumes of the ladies made a pleas-,
ing picture for the great pianist's eyes.
The audience consisted to a large extent of
many of the same prominent society peo
ple who have attended every Paderewski
performance. The costumes of the ladies
were elegant and rich, but somewhat mod
ilied on account of the Lenten season.
Paderewski was at his best and played,
if anything, better than he ever did before
in this City. His audience was attentive
and appreciative throughout the following
extensive and carefully selected pro
gramme:
Chromatic Fantasia and Kueue Bach
Sonata, appassionata, F minor. Op. 57.. .Beethoven
Allegro assal, Andante con r:io.o (variations).
Allegro ma non troppo; Presto.
Serenade, "Hark, Hark, the l>ark")
• soiree de Vlenne" ,- Schubert-Liszt
"ErlkinK- J
-Nocturne, B major, Op. 62 ■>
Sonata, B flat minor, Op. 35, with {
Funeral March ! _.„ .
Valse. I) flat minor, Op. 64 , ■: Chopin
Mazurka. B flat minor. Op. 24, No. 4
Polonaisa, A flat, Op. 63 j
Not (une, B flat. Op. 16, No. 4 Paderewski
"ithapsodie Uongrolse," .No. 12 Liszt
The "Chromatic Fantasia and Fuge"
held the audience spellbound from the
start — first with a feeling of wonder, which
gradually gave place to intense admira
tion, that burst forth into a thunder of
applause when Paderewski struck the final
mighty chord.
Beethoven's "Sonata A.ppassionata"
seemea to impress the audience more than
any other number on the programme.
They were carried by the emotional music
through finest shades of feeling, from that
of "contemplative prayerfulness" into
those celestial regions where the soul of
the great composer loved to soar. It was
music such as few men have a chance to
hear, but once heard it is a sweet memory
to carry through life.
The Schubert-Liszt sections were ■well
received, but did not make as much of an
impression as those of Chopin. The noc
turne in B major brought fourth rounds of
applause. Paderewski's own "Nocturne in
15 Flat " is a sweet little thing with a pecu
liar rhythmic movement running through
it. It could not fail to please the most un
musical hearer, but cannot be called a
composition of the highest order.
The "ithapsodie Hongroise," No. 12,
by Liszt, gave Paderewski all the scope he
could wish for. He took advantage of It
; in his own way and gave a most original
interpretation of the great composer's
work.
At the close of the performance Pader
ewski was greeted with round after round
of applause.
Among the large and fashionable audi
ence E. J. Buidwin and party occupied box
1. Mr. and Mrs. Coleman and party oc
cupietl box 2. Box 4 was occupied by Mrs.
Bouvier and some friends. Samuel M.
Shortridge and a party of gentlemen
friends occupied box 5, and Mr. and Mrs.
Webster box 6.
Salvador's Minister of War.
Norberto Moran, Minister of War for Salva
dor, arrivetl here yesterday oh the Panama
steamer, accompanied by his wife. He is on
his wedding trip and will, after remaining
here a short time, go to New York and thence
to Paris. Minister Moran and his wife had for
traveling companions Dr. and Mrs. Guillermo
Borgia of Salvador.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO. 'B
Teas, Coffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them. '
Pretty presents given away free. .
62 Markets*., 8. F. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
The mouth of the octopus is in the cen
ter of his body and is provided with a beak
closely resembling that of a parrot.
PATRIOTISM REKINDLED.
Officers of the Valentine Holt Society of
Children of the American Revolution.
The central figure in tbe group of the pictures above Is
Mrs. Lydia Holt Parker, the daughter of Valentine Holt,
for whom the first society of Children of the American
Revolution on the Pacific Ooast was named on Washing
ton's birthday. The fonr other pictures ari those of offi
cers of the new patriotic society: Miss Flora M. Walt.on,
corresponding secretary; Miss Isabel Dennison, treas
urer; Miss Helen A. Hallowell, registrar, and David
Staples, recording secretary.
TO VACATE THEIR DENS
Morton-Street Women Notified to
Leave Under Pain of
Arrest.
PUBLIC SENTIMENT AROUSED.
Business Men on Geary Street Will
Join in the Crusade for Muni
cipal Purification.
The women on Morton street who ply
an infamous traffic have been notiiied by
the police 10 vacate their dens, under
penalty of arrest for vagrancy.
There is a strong feeling growing up
among all classes of citizens having the
interests of San Francisco at heurt against
the vice in the very business centers of
the City. The scenes in the alleys from
Kearny street to Stockton and from Cali
fornia street to Post are at once a retlec
tion on the character and decency of the
community. Moralists have frequently
denounced the municipal authorities for
tolerating these cesspools of social de
pravity, and business men have been
nauseated by their close proximity. Still
the trade in ruin and death went on.
It was not until the late murders and
tragedies on Morton street startled the
City that the, persons invested with the
power to enforce the laws were aroused to
the importance of their responsibility.
Now it is understood they will make an
effort to close the dens "and thus in a
measure atone for the crime of heretofore
allowing them to flourish.
The business men on Kearny and Geary
streets are loud in their declamation's
against these Morton-street places. The
merchants not only feel the disgrace to
the City of the existence of rows upon
rows of these tenements, but they realize
how injurious it is to Geary street and
Grant avenue in particular as business
thoroughfares. They intend making some
concerted action for the closing up of the
alleys and to that end will petition the
proper authorities with the many reform
organizations that have long been strug
gling for the suppression of vice in San
Francisco.
The Morton-street denizens must go.
Public decency and public sentiment have
so ordained. Many have already gone
since the murder of May Smith, and the
tragedy of Saturday morning has only in
creased the exodus.
It is not known how long grace will be
given the women, but the impression is
that a few weeks will see the locality de
serted by its present undesirable class of
tenants.
AFTERMATH OF THE BALL
Ed Bowen, a Teamster, Stabbed
in the Back by Charles
Kloss.
Three Men Arrested for Attempting
to Rob Joe Pucher, a Cooper,
on Mission Street.
Ed Bowen, a teamster Jiving at 1528
Dolores street, was taken to the Receiving
Hospital shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday
morning with a knife wound in his back,
and the police are Bearching for Charles
Kloss, a butcher, who is charged by Bowen
with wielding the knife.
Bowen and his wife attended the mas
querade ball in the Pavilion and as they
were leaving to go homeßowen accidentally
bumped up against Kloss. There wa3 an
old grudge between them and words led to
blows. Kloss got the worst of the right
and as his friends gathered around him
Bowen and his wife retreated into the
Pavilion. In a few minutes they went
outside again and passed Kloss and sev
eral of his friends who followed them to
Polk and Market streets. There another
fight was started and Kloss stabbed Bowen
in the back.
Bowen was carried into a restaurant on
Market street near Polk and was left there
for nearly half an hour before the police
were notified. Policeman Gillin had him
removed to the hospital where Drs. Fitz
gibbon and Helms attended to the wound,
which is not dangerous.
Kloss had made his escape, and all
yesterday Policemen Gillin and Coughran
endeavored to locate him, but without suc
cess. He is the younger brother of Frank
Klo.ss, now under sentence of death for
killing William Deady, a gardener, in a
saloon in Hayes Valley last April. When
arrested he will be charged with assault to
murder.
Joe Pucher, a cooper, living on Mission
street, near Fourteenth, was on his way
home from the ball about 3 o'clock yester
day morning. Between Twelfth and Thir
teenth streets he met Joe Ford, Charles
Lynch and John Madison, Mission
"touehs." Policeman E. J. Thompson
saw the meeting, and he stood in a door
way to watch for developments. They
passed him and the three led Pucher into
an alley. In a minute or so Pucher yelled
for help and Thompson made his appear
ance. Tiie three tan and Thompson pur
sued them. He pulled out his revolver
and threatened to shoot unless they
stopped running. It had the desired effect,
and .Thompson took the three to the
Seventeenth-street station.
Thompson returned and found Pucher,
who said they had attempted to rob him
of his watch. 'He was taken to the station,
where he identified the three, and a charge
of attempt to job was registered against
them. Lynch and Ford are well known to
the police.
NEW TO-DAY.
DEPARTMENT!
Our stock of NEW RIBBONS for SPRING
1896 is now complete and we are showing
the most elegant assortment of FANCY
RIBBONS ever exhibited in this city. Our
stocks of PRINTED WARP RIBBONS in-
clude DRESDENS, POMPADOURS, PER-
SIANS, PLAIDS, OMBRE EFFECTS,
STRIPES, POLKA DOTS and Taffetas, and
are all in the very latest colorings.
•es: — SPECIAL ! :=r-
-275 pieces PERSIAN RIBBONS, fifty different effects,
full 5 inches in width,
Price 60c a Yard
— SPECIAL, I :=!■
500 pieces No. 22 COLORED SATIN AND GROS-ORAIN
RIBBON (warranted pure silk), in all the leading
shades,
Price 2Oc a Yard
-e== — SPECIAL ! — =E3-
-400 pieces 41-INCH COLORED QftOS-QRAIN RIBBON
(all pure silk),
Price 25c a Yard
£&" Country orders receive prompt attention.
KW Goods delivered free in San Rafael, Sausalito, Blithe-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
ill. 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
— Tuesday — Wednesday
Tea. ~~~
All our regular 50c grades, 35c; 3 lbs
$100.
Finnan Haddies.
Boneless, freshly smoked, 1 lb 10c;
regular 15c.
Cherries in Maraschino.
A delicately flavored- after-dinner
sweetmeat, French, quart 70c; regular
90c.
Sea Foam Corn.
Finest pacKed in Maine, 3 oung, tender
grains, 50; regular $2 00 dozen.
Scotch Whiskey.
Direct importation from Distillers'
Company Limited, Edinburgh.
The Scottish Bard, small jug $125
Tht Scottish Bard, large jug 1 75
Very Hare Liqueur, 20 years old,
bottle ...:.'. 2 00
Highland Nectar, bottle 150
Caledonian, bottle 1 35
V.O. S., b0tt1e..... 125
Highland Club, bottle 1 00
All less 20 per cent for the three days.
Now is the time to supply your side-
board with the popular drink of the
season.
La Profeta Cigars.
>.;.;';■ Price per Hundred
Princesas V $5 00
Conchas Especial. 7 00 \
Puritanos Finos.... '....... 900
Concha Regalia 8 00
Deliciosos Finos 11 00
Caballeros 9 00
Less 10 per cent for the three days.
Made in Tampa, Florida. Excellent
value.
432 Pine Telephone Main 1 »
215 Sutter :■«:> Main ill
2800 California . . « > West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland ** Main l
COSMOFOUITAN,
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 10*2 Fifth St., wan
>rancisco, Cal The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 i\n Isl 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Kounu, .")Oc
and 760 a day. Free coach to and 1 from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. W3I. FAHEY, Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site. Palace Hotel. Residence, 1&20 -yell at. 'tele-
phone 570. * Residence telephone "Pipe 2591."
n
"DON'T PUT OFF TILL MORROW THE
DUTIES OF TO-DAY." BUY A CAKE OF
SAPOLIO
'Signature Is printed In 0 "' A Q
BLUB diagonally *$"
across the '< >^v . ; Ay* /
OUTSIDE /l J^i\^>
wrapper/ 'rlof* /^
i 1\ yj / "'-"-<
7// / - of every
A\T / bottle of
i' w '7\ ) / (th ° Original
fi 1^ kjJ / and Genuine)
( 'I r^<\f (^Worcestershire
SAUCE
Aa a further protection against
all imitations. .-
f Agents for the United States, v
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, iCV^
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OP THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OrKN UNTIT, MIDNKiHT.
ttiIRTELM;
•Gam®
TSTIIEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
X eyes and lit them to Spectacles or Eyegl&uoi
. with Instruments of his own invention, vruaij
superiority has not been equaled, Xy <acoM4 -»*4
been due to the merits of my wot*
Ollico Hours— li! to 4 r. v.
| ._ _
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th»
1 " sexual and urinary orcans of both sexes, and »
preat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
sSells on its own Merits-no long-winded tesU-
monials necessary.
* TNAItISK. AIiFS & BEUXK, Agents,
1 323 Market St., 8. F.-(^end lor Circular.)
| .
oppression, cured by
KBPIti'S CIGAKKTTKS, OK POWDER,
Paris, J. ESPIC: New York, E. FOUGEBA
& CO. .sold by all Druggists.