VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 59.
JUST A PLAIN REQUEST TO THE POWERS
Passage of the Resolution
Asking Protection for
Armenians.
TO CHECK MASSACRES.
Some Members of the House Who
Oppose Meddling With the
Berlin Treaty.
MORE FIERY MEASURES URGED.
Hepburn of lowa Would Break Off Dip
lomatic Relations With Turkey
at Onoe.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.—
House to-day discussed for four hours and
passed by a vote of 143 to 26, the Senate
concurrent resolution declaring it to be an
imperative duty in the interest of hu
manity to express the earnest hope that
the European concert, brought about by
the Berlin treaty, may be speedily given
its just effect in such decisive measures as
shall stay the hand of fanaticism and law
less violence, and as shall secure to the un
offending Christians of the Turkish Em
pire all the rights belonging to them as
men and Christians and as beneficiaries of
the explicit provisions of that treaty; re
questing the President to communicate
these resolutions to the five signatory
powers thereof; and declaring that Con
gress will support the President in the
most vigorous action he may take for the
protection and security of American citi
zens in Turkey, and to obtain redress for
injuries committed upon the persons and
property of such citizens.
Quigg (R.) of New York, at whose re
quest the resolution was taken up, opened
the debate and advocated its adoption, as
did also McCreary (D.) of Kentucky, Hitt
(R.)of Illinois, Morse (R.) of Massachu
setts, Smith (R.) of Michigan, Mahany
(R.)of New York, Brumm(R.)of Penn
sylvania, Sperry (R.) of Connecticut and
Howe (R.) of New York. .
Various amendments were offered to it
on the ground that it did not go far
enough— by Hepburn (R.) of lowa
calling for the dismissal of the Turkish
Minister at Washington and the severance
of diplomatic relations with Turkey— but
they were all rejected. Turner (D.) of
Georgia, Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio, "Walsh
(D.) of Ohio, Adams (R.) of Pennsylvania,
Johnson (R.) of California and Bailey (D.)
of Texas argued against the resolution. "
Proceedings on the concurrent resolu
tion began by Quigg (R.) of New York
asking its immediate consideration, which,
was granted. He stated that the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs had re
ported a practically similar resolution.
Quigg urged the adoption of the Senate
resolution. Our interest in the situation,
he said, was chiefly humane and but
slightly political. The newspapers, he
said, had mentioned the murder of citizens
of the United States, but official reports
received at the State Department showed
that such was not the case, and the com
mittee was unable to find that any Ameri
can bad been murdered there, except, per
haps, the bicyclist Lenz.
Quigg discussed the resolution at some
length. It would be declared an answer
to the allegations from Constantinople
that the disorders were purely political,
and it would also help to fix the responsi
bility for their continuance. The time had
gone by in the development of the human
race when any nation could shut its eyes
and say "Am I my brother's keeper?"
while such inhuman atrocities were being
committed.
Bailey (D.) of Texas doubted the pro
priety of this Government undertaking to
question the failure to enforce a treaty to
which it was not a party, arid especially at
a time when we were denying to European
powers the right to interfere with the af
fairs of nations on this continent. He
would eliminate from the. resolution all
reference to the treaty and confine it to a
denunciation of the outrages.
McCreary (D.) of Kentucky, heartily in
dorsed the resolution. The civilized world
was astounded at the outrages and crimes
committed in the last few years by the
Turks. He could see no reason why Con
gress should not express in diplomatic
lines strong language of the regret of the
American people at the deplorable condi
tion of affairs in the unfortunate country.
The purpose of the resolution, as he un
derstood it, was to plead with the Eu
ropean powers that they enforce the pro
visions of the treaty to protect the Ar
menians. The very fact that exequaters
had been denied to American Consuls at
Harpoot and Erzeroum was an important
reason why Congress should take an inter
est in the matter. He would vote for this
resolution or for any other on the subject
as strong as could be written that was
within the scope ' and " authority of ' the
United States. '7,7.7'
Hepburn (R.) of lowa sharply criticized
the resolution for not going far enough.
He offered an amendment directing the
President to return the passports of the
Turkish Minister to the United States, and
to terminate diplomatic' relations with
Turkey.
Hitt (R.) of Illinois suggested that such
action would terminate our relations with
Turkey.
Hepburn— do not want friendly re
lations with murderers.
Hitt said that a drastic resolution would
only exasperate the Turks to greater atro
cities; and he urged the adoption of the
Senate resolution as the best that could be
done under the circumstances. ■'.■'-
Hepburn wanted the. protest to mean
something when it went abroad, and' not
fall on dull ears. What did England care
for such utterances If we could . startle
public opinion there something might
come of it.
Morse (R.)of Massachusetts, in referring
to the denials of the Armenian outrages
by the Sultan, desired to pay his' respects
to that ruler by saying that he did not
believe there was a man in his district who
would believe the Sultan under oath. .
Adams (R.) of Pennsylvania argued
•"■gainst the resolution on the ground that
The San Francisco Call.
it would be a stultificati on of the recent
declaration of the Monroe doctrine.
Smith (R.) of Michigan attacked the
resolution because it meant nothing —
mere buncombe.
McCreary (D.) of Kentucky raised a
point of order against Hepburn's amend
ment. Hepburn, speaking to the point of
order, stated that his amendment was in
tended to emphasize the opinion of Con
gress regarding the outrages being per
petrated in Turkey. The resolutions be
fore the House, said Hepburn, were abso
lutely meaningless, and according to the
gentleman from Kentucky it was only the
barest possibility that anything could be
accomplished by them.
Adams (R.) of Pennsylvania— case
you send the Turkish Minister home, who
will take care of the American citizens in
that country?
Hepburn— gentleman is proceeding
upon an error in asking that question,
which was manifest in a previous state
ment. Such an action is not a declara
tion of war on the part of the United
States whatever might be the action of
the nation deem ing itself to be offended.
Quigg, responding to Hepburn's re
marks, said that handing the Turkish
Minister's passports to him would not
hurt Turkey— the United States would be
the real sufferer. Turkey did not care for
the United States, but the moment the
Turkish Minister leaves Washington the
American Minister and nine United States
■ Consuls in Turkey and Asia Minor will
| leave Constantinople, and the lives of 900
American citizens, together with all the
property of the missionaries now held
back from injury and destruction by the
. presence of these representatives of the
Government, will be exposed to all the
| dangers of other unprotected residents and
j property in that country.
Hepburn's amendment was rejected —
121 to 19 and the author could secure but
, fourteen Representatives, an insufficient
| number, to support his request for a vote
: by ayes and noes.
Turner (D.) of Georgia made an earnest
and vigorous protest against the adoption
of the resolutions before the House. He
said that they involved a radical departure
from the previous constitutional policy of
the Government. This arose from what
he called a Christian clamor against Tur
key, a clamor against which the best of
us, he said, would scarcely be able to
stand. The action outlined in the resolu
tions was an impertinence and a violation
of the comity that should exist between
nations.
"The powers that signed the Berlin
I treaty," said Turner, "are Christian na
j tions as well as we. Shall we arrogate
j to ourselves such a superiority of Chris
j tian piety that we must tell them what
I to do?" -/y. /
The resolutions were a violation of
Washington's warning against engaging
in entangling alliances with* foreign pow
ers. They expressed the purpose of Con
gress to approve and support the Presi
dent in any step he. might take to carry
them into effect.' How far was that from
a declaration of war? , , T, .■■..'..■.
The United States, he. declared, had no
grievance, as a Nation, against Turkey.
On the other hand, he asserted, because of
her prompt promise to Minister Terrell to
pay for property destroyed, we were under
obligations for special and particular pro
tection accorded to our citizens in that
country. • The plea of interference on the
ground of humanity would not justify this
Government in assuming the attitude out
lined in the resolutions. The question of
Armenian protection was one for other
nations. The attempt to interfere therein
involved both an impertinence and an en
tangling alliance. Congress, in the opinion
of the speaker, should leave to the State
Department to make through the usual
diplomatic channels the protest against
the attacks against the Armenians in the
name of humanity.
The resolutions were further debated by
McCreary (D.)'of Kentucky, Mahany (R.)
of New York and Taft (R.) of Ohio, the
latter of whom offered the following
amendment:
Resolved, That the conscience of humanity
fastens upon the six Christian powers above
named the responsibility of the continuance
of the butchery of Armenian Christians; that
the spectacle of these six leading Christian
powers permitting the murder of Christians
who, by treaty stipulations, were placed under
their special care, is humiliating to the last de
gree and discredits the Christian religion
throughout the world.
Resolved, That the one of the signatory powers
that first takes action under the Berlin treaty
to prevent further butchery of j defenseless
Armenian Christians, will receive the grateful
recognition, not only of the American citizens,
but of the entire civilized world.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio said the present
condition of the subject, a most inconsist
ent and ridiculous one for any legislative
body to occupy, was due to a shuddering,
shivering cowardice of the body, to speak
the sentiments of the American people re
garding the unspeakable outrages perpe
trated in Turkey. Why, he asked, should
the United States fail to speak? He criti
cized the Committee on Foreign Affairs
for putting the resolutions in the form
presented. The preamble should matte a
definite charge that somebody has been
outraged, abused or killed in order to jus
tify, the ; text of ;.. the resolution. Why not
protest to Turkey direct for a cessation of
the outrages, if they are of such a serious
nature as to warrant us in calling on the
signatory powers to enforce the provisions
of the Berlin treaty?
Grosvenor said that the argument made
by Adams (R.) of Pennsylvania and
Quigg (R.) of New York, representing the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, in response
to the suggestion of Hepburn, was that
because Turkey had possession of hos
tages upon whom she might retaliate in
case the United States sent Mavroyeni
Bey home, we should sink our manhood,
our independence and seem contemptible
before* the world. If there.had been a
single American citizen injured in, his
person or despoiled of his property, Gros
venor said, that was reason - sufficient for
the United States to demand reparation
and demand it at once. '■ Demand '• it as
. promptly from a nation like Turkey as
from Chile, to which we sent a warship or
two. .'.'•"' -■' " " ' TT7^.. 7
Cox (D.) of Tennessee—
* Grosvenor— The . gentleman ; says Amen.
But there is no "amen" in this (referring
to tbe resolutions which he had in his
hands); There's not even "Lord, be mer
ciful to us miserable sinners.',' [Laughter.]
I denounce it as an inefficient, incomplete
and unworthy declaration on behalf of the
American people. . ..» :„ .*-,". ,7.
' "Hitt'(Ro of Illinois, chairman of the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 28, 1896.
Leave Your Fences in Washington and Look After Your Bridges
at Home.
Committee on Foreign Affairs, interrupted
the debate long enough to report the
diplomatic and consular appropriation bill
for the year ending June 30, 1897, which,
with the accompanying report, was ordered
to be printed. •■•._••:.«-• J . ;?/7'y' '■•-"'
. The discussion was continued by Walsh
(D. ) of New York, who agreed with Gros
venor that the resolutions did j not go far
enough; by Brurum (R.) of Pennsylvania,
who said without concurrence by the Presi
dent action by Congress would be without
avail, and that the House should adopt
the Senate resolutions because they were
the only practical expression in sight; by
Hardy (R.) of Indiana, who said that the
United States should - have demanded to
be made a party to the treaty of Berlin in
order that the Armenians might have its
protection, and that it would be good policy
for the squadron lazily riding the waters
at Hampton Roads to pass the Dardanelles
and make a demonstration in front of Con
stantinople;, by Sperry (R.) of Connecti
cut and .by Howe (R.) of New York, who
said that the people of i their districts were
ready to take any step they might prop
erly take if it would but result in the stop
page of the atrocities.
The amendment offered by Taft was dis
agreed to, and Bailey (D.) of Texas moved
to commit the resolutions to the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations. Lost, 55 to 103.
He then moved to commit them with in
structions to report as a substitute the fol
lowing :
Wherkas, The American people in common
with all Christian people everywhere have be
held with terror the recent appalling out
rages and massacres of which the Christian
population of Turkey have been made the vic
tims, therefore ■'T'TA T' :-:z';7y:.p ;^V; \
Resolved, That itis an Imperative duty in the
interest of humanity to express the earnest
hope that the European concert brought
about by the treaty referred to may speedily
be given its just effect in such measures
shall stay the hand of fanaticism and lawless
violence, and as shall secure to the unoffending
Christians of- the Turkish empire all the rights
belonging to them both as men and Christians
and as beneficiaries of the explicit provisions
of the treaty above recited. ; ;;; ■■:;.
Resolved, That the President.be. requested to
communicate these resolutions to the Govern
ments of Great Britain, Germany, Austria,
France, Italy and Russia. '
Bailey said he was opposed to the Senate
resolutions for the reasons that the United
States having been invited "to" become a
party to the treaty of Berlin and declined,
he did not think it proper for the United
States to now insist upon the enforcement
of terms of -a treaty to which it had de
clined to become a party. * " -V" ' :": J "'*f'*?
The motion by Bailey was disagreed to—
41 to 119 — and the original resolutions were
agreed to— to 26. -, . ■, 7.
TO HEX D OVER A ■ FLEET.
An Invitation .to ' the ' United States Is
/ - 'Advocated.
7 LONDON, : ENG.*"'ja-u 27.— The Chronicle
will to-morrow publish a* leader advocat
ing that the powers who, owine to their re
spective interests and j mutual suspicions,
seem powerless to act, invite* the United
States to send a fleet to force, the passage
of the Hellespont arid compel the Sultan
to stop the 'prevailing" in Ana
tolia. The paper says it does not suppose
the fighting would be ; necessary, but 'if it
were it urges that a British fleet should co
operate with the American warships. 1 ! '
RUSSIA GETTING ' READY.
Preparing to Carry Out the Plan of Peter
•■" - •'- the ] Great. ' '-'' '' ; /;//;"
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 28.— A Vienna-dis
patch to the Daily News ? says *. that news
has been received there from both Con
stantinople and Sebastopol that Russia has
a fleet ; lying at Sebastopol and at Odessa,
and that her forces are ; being t concen
trated -upon the Armenian frontier in
readiness, to move next spring to realize
-< . . ■.-...': -...:■■ •;. ii.s.*l y.tyy. :-..--«.-.-.
Continued on Third Fags, : .
CUBAN REBELS
ARE REPULSED
Defeated While Trying to
Burn the Town of
Sabanilla.
MACEO IS BEATEN TWICE.
In Retreating , Over a Very
Rough Country Many Horses
Are Abandoned.
-4. -.-,'." 1 s'A. ."■■*','" -I ■;. , 1 * - ,*. .-i •
THIS FROM SPANISH SOURCES.
But Other Information States That
the Natives Are Not Losing
Every Battle.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 28.— A dispatch
to the • Imparcial from Havana says that
the rebels have been repulsed while trying
to burn tbe town of Sabanilla. Seventeen
insurgents were killed and many were
wounded. General Luque, the dispatch
says, has twice defeated the rebels under
Antonio Maceo, killed a large number of
the insurgents, and wounded a hundred
more. Maceo is retreating into the* coun
try, which is rough and hilly, and conse
quently offers many.; difficulties to -the
movement of cavalry. Because of this* he
has abandoned 600 horses.
■ HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 27— The Govern
ment operations against the rebels are be
ing rapidly pushed, but they do not appear
to be productive of . a decisive result. > The
rebel commander-in-chief, Maximo Gomez,
who has repeatedly been reported to be
attempting to make his way back to the
eastern part of | the island, is still some
where a short distance east of the railroad
line running from Havana to Batabano.
. The rebel leader Lacret is reported to be
near Jovellanos, in the province of Matan
zas, and Antonio Maceo, the seconds in
command of ;i the : rebel forces, entered
Mantua, a town in the Western part of the
province of Pinar del Rio, on January -23.
He.was, accompanied iby hall his com
mand.  The other half remained at Escor
tina, while the wounded men belonging to
Maceo's force were at Guane. It is be
lieved here that Maceo's men will be com
pelled *to abandon Guane and Escortina
owing to the activity of General Luque. •
'. The Marquis VApezotequa,. president of
the Conservative party, has . resigned that
office" for business reasons.  He is manager
of the Constanira sugar estate, one of the
largest on the island, which is owned by
an American syndicate. ""'*.'„'-" . C,
TO INTERCEPT GARCIA.
An Attempt to .Overhaul the Filibuster
ing Expedition. • -i .. -
- WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 27.-Acting
Secretary Wike has instructed Collectors
of Customs to look out for the steamer' J.
W. * Hawkins, alleged Bto 5 have left A New
York last Friday on a filibustering expedi
tion to Cuba. | Senor Dupuyi de Lome, the
Spanish 7 Minister, \ says' Calixto • Garcia is
aboard the Hawkins with arms and am
munition and men; and' that the steamer
will take on more men and stores at Palm
Beach, Fla. Orders have been sent to the
revenue cutters Morrill, McLane and Col
fax to proceed to sea and if possible to in-
tarcept thaJUastkias, providing the allega
tions of the Spanish Minister are found to
be correct. **;•-*?- V. ' '■-: " ■''■.'-''■ :-: ; '
At Little doubt is now entertained tbat it is
to intercept the expedition,-' if possible,
that the cruisers Raleigh and Montgomery,
of Admiral Bunce's squadron of evolution,
have been ordered to sea. r "«.
ZED RODRIGUEZ.
An Encounter in Which the Cubans Were
Victorious. '
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Cuba, Jan. 25
(via Tampa, Fla., Jan. 27.)— A gentleman
who arrived here lately from Puerto Prin
cipe brings the following details of a severe
encounter near Cascorre on the 7th inst:,
The Cuban Government, with its Presi
dent, the Marquis of Santa Luca, at its
head, was encamped in the pasture ground
at Mexico, protected by 200 rebels. Near
the camp was the Cuban General, Maya
Rodriguez; with 500 cavalry ' and 300 in
fantry. The Spanish column of Colonel
Mira, 1300 in number, who were operating
near that place, had an encounter with
Rodriguez's • forces. The ' engagement
lasted two hours, ending 'with a brilliant
charge of cavalry, led personally by" Rod
riguez, the Spaniards having to retire in
great haste, pursued by the Cubans almost
as far as Cascorre.
The Spanish troops left on the field
twenty -seven killed and seventy -five
wounded, many of the latter seriously
hurt and some prisoners were taken by. the
Cubans. The wounded and prisoners
were sent with a letter from the President
of the Cuban Government to Cascorre.
The letter was delivered to Colonel Mora,
who had been lightly wounded in one
hand. The insurgents took : from the
Spaniards ten mules laden with money,
provisions and ammunition and more than
150 weapons. The rebels had eight killed,
and thirty-one wounded. " '
On i the ' 16th : inst. Spanish Commander
Condines with 500 men had an encounter
with I a rebel party of guerillas in the
vicinity of Duaba, Foar and Baracoa, and
afterward in La Peirera and Roble. The
Spaniards had three killed and fourteen
wounded and the rebels four wounded. .
WAITING FOR AMMUNITION.
At Present .the Insurgents Are Not Anx-
v ioxts for Rattle.
HAVANA, Cuba,. Jan. 22 (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. 27).— Gomez and Maceo are now
widely separated. j The former is operating
in this province, and when last heard from
was about twenty-five miles southeast of
this city. -He* is awaiting the arrival of
Joseph Maceo and the forces from the
eastern district. They .may join him
before this is printed or within a day or
two after. \ Antonio Maceo did •. not turn
back to the eastward after reaching the
province of - Pinar del Rio, and meeting
Delgado, the ex-bandit, who led the first
rising at the western end of the island,
he pushed on { along 7 the south coast de
stroying railroad and telegraph communi
cation, but doing no - injury to crops and
towns so far as can 'be -learned. Cubans
say that all towns in the ; province hoisted
the white flag at once, and that explains
why no towns were -burned there, while in
Havana and ; Matanzas 7 provinces many
were laid in ashes. ' The ; city 'of Pinar del
Rio, capital ;of the province, did not sur
render, as it was ; garrisoned '; by ' Spanish
troops under General Luque, and no news
of : its being attacked has been received.
*-As I the ' columns of Maceo - arid ; Gomez
have been dispersed a hundred times since
they began their march from the .eastern
district, through the provinces of Cama
guey, Santa^ Clai a and Matanzas," to ; the
western *| •'*' end -*7of.* the - island, -./.-it
is believed 7 they will get '* together again.
The truth of tbe matter is that the insur
gents hare not the arms and ammunition
CRASHED INTO THE BAY AT SAUSALITO.
even if they have the nerve to fight pitched
battles, and no real battles are fought.
The Spanish officers in the field, who after
days of weary marching succeeded in com
ing up with the rear guard or with meet
ing a small detachment of the enemy and
exchanging a few shots, report a battle
and glorify the bravery and heroism of
their men. The number of their enemies
is exaggerated and the loss on the Cuban
side overstated, while that on the Spanish
side is reduced to almost nothing.
There is some talk of Maceo joining
the united forces of Gomez near San
Felipe, south of Havana, and fighting a
big battle near there. The insurgents
have gained many recruits and captured
considerable arms and ammunition since
invading this province, but Gomez does
not want to expend ammunition in a pro
longed battle. He and Maceo both are
said to be anxious for a fight, and there is
no question that they have upward of 25,
--000 men, but it is not believed the fight
will come until more ammunition is ob
tained.
MORE MEN AXD OFFICERS.
-Vo Limit to the Solaiers Sent Over From
Spain.
HAVANA, Cuba. Jan. 21 (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. 27). Cable dispatches from
Madrid published here yesterday state that
the Queen Regent has signed the decree
appointing General the Marquis of Ahu
mada, as the second in command of the
captainship-general of Cuba. General
Barges also was named by the Queen Re
gent to take command of a division in
Cuba. General Martigu will be second in
i command in Porto Rico.
The Government of Spain, on the 21st
inst., will call into active service the re
cruits of the 1895 class. Hitherto they
have not been called to the colors. The
plan for sending re-enforcements to Cuba
has been modified. On the 10th of Febru
ary nineteen battalions of 1200 men each
will sail for Cuba.
General the Marquis Ahumada, ap
pointed as second in command in this
island, is a distinguished member of a
noble family. He also has been associated
with the Liberals, and for many years was
adjutant to the Duke of Torre.
General Martin has accepted the ap
pointment of Governor-General of Porto
Rico.
Yesterday morning the steamer Santiago
arrived from Santander. She brought a
large number of officers and 1659 rank and
file to re-inforce the Spanish garrison in
this city. Yesterday the steamer Alave
entered this port. She brought 116 officers
and 763 men. 77777
M Alt ISSUE BO* VS.
One Means by Which Cubans Can Secssr*
Money for the War.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.— The Tri
bune says -this morning: It was learned
yesterday that a concerted movement is
on foot on the part of the Cuban Junta in
New York and Washington to issue bonds
to enable them to carry on the war with
Spain. The idea of issuing bonds has
been discussed for some time. It was im
possible to raise money in Washington,
and the machinery had to be put in opera
tion in New York. *«S_w§iltl?§_3^
- 'It; was not until at a meeting held in
this "city Saturday that it was decided to
issue bonds, and- the plans were mapped
out. A prominent Cuban said: "The
Cubans have support promised them by
financiers if a bond issue be made, and it
was to discuss this matter that the com
mittee came together. Ido not think that
there will be any trouble in placing the
whole issue at a small discount, as many
people have signified their intention of
taking some of the bonds. The issue will
not be large at first. . If we can only get
belligerent rights, then we shall make a
heavy issue of bonds and place ' a navy
on tbe seas. That is all coming."
Delegate Palm a is reported to have ex
pressed himself as highly pleased with the
way that the work was going on in Wash
ington, and felt that some favorable action
would be gained from the present Con
gress. He also reported from private ad
vices he had received that the Cuban army
was not in such bad- shape as the Spanish
press censors had declared it jto be, and
that General Maximo Gomez's illness had
been greatly t magnified. He returned to
Washington shortly j after the \ committee
adjourned, after deciding to make an issue
of bonds. -
FOR LEONARD'S MURDER
Evidence of a Conspiracy Be*
tween Williamson and
His Ex- Wife.
But Each Is Now Anxious to Fasten
the Crime Upon the .
Other. * '
WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 7.- No murder
trial in recent years has caused such a'sen
sation , here as that of F. W. Williamson,
who is charged with the murder of *H. H.
Leonard, a prominent • merchant of this
city, last November. Williamson's di
vorced wife was tried for the crime last
week, the jury disagreeing.
The prosecution has entertained the be
lief that there was a conspiracy between
Mr. and ; Mrs. Williamson— that the latter
should obtain a divorce from Williamson,
marry Henry H. Leonard, induce him to
insure heavily in favor of her and then
kill him to get the life insurance. Mrs.
Leonard accuses her ex-husband of the
murder, but denies being implicated.
-To-day an inmate of the Soldiers' Home
at Leavenworth, Michael Jordan, volun
tarily went on the stand and testified that
when Williamson was also an inmate of
the home last October he made overtures
to him (Jordan) trying to induce hrm to
make away with Leonard for $5007- Jordan
gave ' the 'conversation in detail, which
shows "that * Williamson and ; his ex-wife
were partners to the" conspiracy. 7 : '
* The testimony of Jordan has created a
profound ! sensation here and feeling runs
high against - the < accused parties. "No
amount of cross-examination could shake
Jordan's testimony. 7 To-morrow William
son will go' upon the stand in his own de
fense. rHer is determined to fasten ' the
guilt upon his former.; wife: and she is
equally determined * that .Williamson 'shall'
suffer for the crime. v - <
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
An Engine Goes Through
• the Apron of the Ferry
Slip.
THE ENGINEER KILLED.
William Turney Caught in the
Wreck and Pinioned Un
der the Water.
A DISASTER AT MIDNIGHT.
Result of an Attempt to Run an Engine
Aboard the Theater Boat From
This City.
A third railroad accident, attended by a
fatality, occurred a little after midnight
this morning at the Nortn Pacific Coast
Railway Company's wharf in Sausalito.
An engine and tender plunged into the
ferry-slip and now lie buried under the
water.
William Turney, the engineer, was
crushed between the two and carried under
the water and drowned.
Fireman Williams escaped alive, but he
was badly injured about the head.
. The story of the accident indicates that
bad judgment was the cause.
Three times a week a theater boat is run
to San Francisco for the accommodation
of those who live in Marin County and
who desire to return to their homes after
the theaters close. Last night the ferry
boat Sausalito took its regular load of pas
sengers back to Sausalito.
It always carries across the bay on these
Jate. trips several flat railroad cars, loaded
with freight, which are run ashore at the
freight wharf after the passengers go
ashore. v*"*7 ; 7
Heretofore the engineer has always
backed an empty flatcar or two down
over the "apron" that connects the wharf
with the ferry-boat. These empty cars
are attached to the loaded freightcars
which are pulled ashore over the apron
by tne engine on the pier.
After the passengers were landed — about
12:30 o'clock this morning— deckhands
began preparations for sending the freght
cars ashore. William Turney, the en
gineer, ran his engine down the wharf,
but there were no flatcars empty that could
be used for making a connection with the
cars on the boat. : ? Tva^Tv?,
Turney, the engineer, examined . the
apron, which was newly constructed, and
decided that it was strong enough to hold
up the weight of the engine and the ten
der. He mounted the cab and slowly
backed upon the apron. ■
When half way across the bridge there
was a cracking of timbers and the loud re
port of breakfng chains. Before the en
gine could be moved out of danger the
bridge gave way with a loud crash and the
engine and tender plunged downward be
tween the end. of the ferry-boat and the
wharf.
To those who witnessed the disaster, the
downward movement of the huge mass of
iron, it seemed an age. While the laborers
and deckhands were gazing in horror upon
the scene Fireman Williams was seen to
leap from the tender and land on the out
side of the broken timbers.
Suddenly there was a wild cry of an
guish heard above the hissing steam.
Through • the mist Engineer Turney was
seen pinioned between the rear end of his
engine and the front end of the tender,
both of which were sinking rapidly below
the level of the deck and wharf as the
lower timbers broke under the enormous
weight.
Before a helping hand could be raised
the engine and the tender sank below the
levels of the waters in the slip, carrying
the mangled engineer with them.
Before the waters closed over his head
Turney gave a faint cry of despair. A
minute later his sufferings must have
ended.
Several people rushed forward to find
what had become of Fireman Williams,
who was seen to spring to the outer edge
of the wreckage. They shouted his name,
and a second later an answer was heard
from under the side of the ferry-boat.
Williams had landed in the, water
when he leaped from the tender and waa
so fortunate as to be able to swim a few
strokes out of the way of the falling engine
and tender. He swam to a pile in the
slip close to the side of the ferry-boat and
there clung until help reached him.
In his flying leap Williams struck some
obstruction that cut his head and face
badly, but otherwise his injuries were
slight. .
A crowd quickly . gathered around the
wharf and peered down into the slip.
Only the smokestack of the engine and a
part of the tender could be seen by the
rays of the lanterns.
. Efforts were made to recover the body
of the dead engineer, but to no purpose,
for the last seen of him he was held in a
vise-like grip of the engine and tender.
Turney was 35 years of age.
He leaves a widow, who Is in very poor
health, and one child. The family live in
San Rafael. Turney was an engineer on
the North Pacific Coast Railroad for many
years and was regarded as a careful man.
He was a member of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers and of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen.
The passenger train for San Rafael bad
just started* away from the pier, and the
few Sausalito people who had arrived on
the theater boat bad gone to their homes.
Only the trainmen and .boatmen were
thereat the time of the accident, besides
Alfred Brandes, the night watchman at
the pier.
■ Brandes . immediately rang the firebell
and fired his pistol to attract the people of
the town, and in . a short time ; a large
crowd had gathered. But there was little
that could be done, for the engine was un
der Water and the engineer was with it.
■ ■ Fireman Williams had saved himself by
swimming ashore, although he was con
siderably bruised and cut up, and when he
struck the 'water he was nearly stunned.
. Lights were fixed up on the wharf and
on the steamer and an attempt was mad*2
to find the body of the dead engineer, but
the effort w*:s unsuccessful.
Turney's body did not rise to the sur
face and it is supposed to be pinioned be
tween the engine and tender under the
water, just as it was carried down.
Watchman Brandes said last night that
he had seen and heard the breaking of the
•timbers just as the engine got well on the
"apron, and that Engineer Turney seemed
to instantly realize the full danger of the
. situation. *
Turney sprang forward as if to reach the
lever, hut the engine settled down and in a
, moment came the crash.
Williams, the fireman, made a bold leap
for his life, but Turney had no chance to
jump, as he was caught by the engine and
tender and held while he was being slowly
crushed. v'niv *
There was just a moment in which he
must have known that he could not escape
being killed.
The watchman thinks Turney was killed
before he reached the water.
The engineer was not supposed to run
on the steamer to get the freight section,
, but as the flatcars were not there to form
the connecting link Turney saw no other
way of accomplishing his duty.
He examined the apron carefully, the
watchmen and trainmen assert, and con
cluded that it would hold the engine. It
was the first time that an engine has been
run on the steamer in doing that work.
FIGHT BETWEEN FAMILIES.
An Accusation of Theft That
Caused a Lively Shoot
ing Affray.
Father and Son Went Gunning and
Fatal Wounds Were Received
in the Fray.
• PA TON, lowa, Jan. 27.— One of the worst
tragedies ever known in this part of the
county happened about 7 o'clock last
night on the farm of John J. Brown, four
miles east of here. Brown's family had
accused John W. Fleck's family of steal
ing, and Sunday evening Fleck and his son
George armed themselves with shotguns
and revolvers and started to Brown's
house to settle the matter.
•Steighmeyer, a friend, urged them to go
home and settle it by law, and the son
wanted to go back, but the father would
not hear of it and made him go with him.
On arriving they called Brown out, and as
he stepped to the door pointed a shotgun
in his face, but he was too quick and
dodged so that tne charge grazed the side
of his head. On the appearance of John
•Brown Jr. young Fleck shot him, the
.bullet lodging in his lungs, the ball having
passed through the left lung and lodged in
the right one.
During the fight that followed ten shots
were fired. The Browns, with the assist
ance of James, another son, got the arms
away from the Flecks. George Fleck was
shot in the back between the shoulders,
and John Fleck was caught and dragged
into the house and tied with a log chain
until assistance arrived. John Brown Jr.
is in a critical condition. The Flecks are
under a.rest, and County Attorney Love
joy is here looking after the affair. The
Flecks are very poor people, and this
affair will undoubtedly throw a large fam
ily of small children on the county for
support.
PROFESSIONAL BALL-PLAYERS.
The National Board Held a * Special
Meeting.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.-The Na
tional board of professional base- ball play
ers held a special meeting to-day at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel. The business before
the meeting was not of a very heavy na
ture. ' -
The application of John M. Ward to
have his name taken off the New York
Club's reserve list was laid over until the
next meeting of the board on February 24,
when President Young eaid the matter
would be finally disposed of. Neither Mr.
Ward nor President Freed man was pres
ent to-day.
The rest of the business was mostly with
disputes as to players, which were of a
trivial nature and were quickly disposed
of. The board adjourned until February 22.
LASKER THE CHAMPION.
Close of the International Chess Tourna
ment.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 27.—
The international chess tourn .ment ended
to-day, the last three, games resulting in
draws. Tschigorin and Steinitz drew an
Evans gambit, which was left adjourned
•n Thursday, after 96 moves on Saturday.
Piilsbury and Tschigorin and Steinitz and
Lasker drew queens gambits, declined,
alter 59 and 44 moves respectively. Lasker
■won first prize, Steinitz the second, Pills
bury third and Tschigorin fourth.
The final score: Lasker won llj^, lost
6}_- Steinitz won 9»_, lost B>_; Piilsbury
won 8, lost 10: Tschigorin won 7, lost 11.
» . — ,
' HAN CREEDON THE WINNER.
Easily Defeated Jem Smith in the Second
Round.
'■■ LONDON, Esq., Jan. 27.— The fight be
tween Dan Creedon and Jem Smith for a
purse of £400 took place to-night at the
National Sporting Club. Creedon easily
defeated his opponent in the second round.
The fighting lasted less than seven min
iates.
GIVEN UP FOR LOST.
Disappearance of a Schooner With a
Large Crew.
; GLOUCESTER, Mass., Jan. 27.—
schooner John W. Bray and crew were
formally given up for lost by the owner of
the vessel to-day. The Bray sailed hence
November 17 on a hand-line cod-fishing
trip to George** banks. She was owned by
John F. Wonson, and carried a crew of
fourteen, as follows: Alex. McLeod, mas
ter, of Boston; James McLeod, Norman
McLeod. Joe Hines, Alexander McDonald,
Michael Ryan, William Morrison, Chris
topher {McKay, John Olsen, Albert Mon
roe, Neil Nickerson, Bellinean Arseno,
William Dunn and John Carrigan.
i SOLD BY THE RECEIVERS.
The- Omaha and St.. Louis Rail, Bought
by Gold.
' COUNCIL! BLUFFS, lowa, Jan. 27.— '
The Omaha and St. Louis Railway was
sold at receivers' sale by special Master in
Chancery Rcss for $1,560,000 at noon to
day. The successful bidder was Cornelius
Gold of New York, representing the bond
holders. There were but two bidders-
Gold, representing the bondholders, and
Winston of St. Louis, representing the
W abash Company. Gold refused to state
just what would be , done with the prop
erty, but it :is reported that it will be ac
quired by the Baltimore and Ohio South-;
western either by lease or close traffic ar
rangement.
. ■ —i ■
The Flying , Squadron.
LONDON. Esq., Jan. 27.— 1t is an
nounced that the new flying squadron of
British warships now assembled off Bere
haven, Bantry Bay, on tbe south coast of
Ireland, wili not sail until after the funeral
of Prince Henry of Battenberg. . .. ;.
CHOATE ASSAILS
THE WRIGHT ACT
Inconsistencies in the Law
Pointed Out in Force
ful Style.
UNJUST ASSESSMENTS.
Lands Taxed for Irrigation Pur
poses Derive No Possible
Benefit.
RIGHTS OF PROPERTY-OWNERS.
It Is Claimed That the Law Clearly
Violates the Fourteenth 7)1
Amendment.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 27.—Argu
ments were continued in the ; irrigation
cases in the Supreme Court to-day.
Joseph H. Choate concluded his argu
ment begun Friday. He made a strong
speech in the opinion of the lawyers pres
ent. The courtroom wa3 crowded to hear
the eminent lawyer. Choate said:
"It may be that irrigation of arid lands,
unproductive without it, may be a public
purpose warranting taxation or assess
ment in a proper case, but irrigation of
land that does not require irrigation, but
is merely desired by some owners to be
irrigated for the purpose of improving
land already fertile, or for the purpose of
changing the uses of land from agriculture
to horticulture because it will be more
profitable and thus enhance the value of
private property, cannot be public use.
The lands in Modesto and the Central irri
gation districts have been successfully
and profitably devoted for years to wheat
raising without irrigation, and in Modesto'
district the city of Modesto has been cre
ated within the district and all without
irrigation.
"The question now presented to the
court is not whether a general.system for]
irrigation of arid lands might be carried
out by a State. The question is whether
this particular statute, known .as the
Wright act, as applied to such districts as
the Modesto or Central districts, outside
of the arid regions and productive without
irrigation, but formed for the mere pur
pose of making lands within it more pro
ductive or of enabling such of land-owners
therein as desired to irrigate to convert
their lands from grain fields into orchards
or vineyards at the expense not of the par
ties benefited, but of all lands within the
district, whether benefited or not, or
whether irrigated or not, or which cannot
be irrigated at all, is a violation of the
fourteenth amendment.
"In the Fallbrook case Mrs. Bardie's
farm has been beneficially used without
irrigation, and she cannot be compelled by
law to change its use, or to bear the ex
pense' of providing irrigation for ' others
which ehe does not require. To take her
property for this purpose is nothing more
than robbery under the guise of law. The
principle which protects her is older than
the Magna Charta. It was handed down
on Mount Sinai in the shortest of com
mandments: * Thou shalt not steal!' That
is what the fourteenth amendment says to
any community or State which seeks to in
vade the inalienable, individual rights of
property-owners.
"In the Magna Charta and petition of
right it protected the people against the
rapacity of the monarch. In the four
teenth amendment it protects the indivi
dual from the rapacity of the multitude.
And this tribunal occupies the grandest
position ever held by any human tribunal
for the protection of the individual right
of every citizen to his life, liberty and
property. And life is so dear and liberty
is so sweet and property is so sacred that
the mantle of protection of this amend
ment should always be extended by this
court whenever it has been violated by any
State. . , . - ■ .■.,:• Vt:/7-4(-:/:/:;,r . ...
"There is a growing disregard for the
individual right of property, and it is to
this court that we must look for protec
tion against every assault. - The Wright
act in effect takes the property of A and
gives it to B without consent or conpensa
tion. The whole portion of the bonded
debt of Modesto district, paid by the city
of Modesto, is in effect transferred from
the city to the outlying agricultural lands.
This is just what Judge Miller in Davidson
vs. New Orleans said should not be done.
But it is done j whenever you assess lands
not benefited to ? provide - irrigation : for
owners who desire it.- Under the Wright
act all lands susceptible of irrigation
may be assessed. - Susceptible is a broad
word including everything, especially
when construed, as it has been, to mean
susceptible in its natural state. It means
capable of receiving of, of being affected
by, as my distinguished adversary will no
doubt concede, as all men are susceptible
of love. And when the act is further con
strued to include all lands even indirectly
benefited; although incapable of irriga
tion, as brick buildings, the acme of con
fiscation is reached. Assessment by value
in irrigation districts, levies heaviest charge
upon the property least benefited.
"I appeal for authority to my learned
adversary, Judge Dillon. 1 appeal from
Philip drunk to Philip sober— Judge
Dillon, inflamed with fumes of advocacy,
to Judge Dillon in his quiet study, writing
law treatises. In his great work he says
lands directly and largely benefited cannot
be included with those only indirectly and
slightly, benefited where the assessments
are 7 hot proportionate to the benefits.
Again, water provided under the Wright
act does not go to land. It goes to certain
individuals, who may either use it or sell
it as .. they desire. There is no 7 public
use in.., this. It simply provides a
commodity, . for sale or exchange. It is
for irrigation of a class of persons, not of
the lands ; and of this we have a grand ex
ample in the deluge, when the Almighty
determined that the irrigation of mankind
was necessary for their salvation. Here
the question of necessity was determined,'
but under the Wright . act it - never has.
been. j The Legislature does not determine
It, nor does any one except the petitioners
for the district, who may select its boun
daries at will, thus choosing the electors
who must vote, and then pile up bonds
without limit. ■
"The Supreme Court of California has
said in the Glendora case that the princi
pal purpose of the act seems to be to pro
vide a plentiful; supply of , bonds, a water
supply .being chiefly incidental. 7 All bonds
which have been issued under this act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
have been disposed of with the knowledge
of those who took them that their validity
was questioned and would be contested in
this* court. If heavy discounts have led
speculators to take them they have done
so with their eyes open. If they must be
paid they will confiscate the home of many
a farmer in California whose cause lam
here to plead." ...
Judge Dillon then argued in : support of
the Wright act, concluding at 4 o'clock."
OTHER CASES IN COURT.
The Celebrated Stanford Case Comes Up
To- Day, "~- . )
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.-An
other immense crowd congregated about
the doors of the Supreme Court of the
United States this morning, attracted
thither by the prospect of hearing Joseph
H. Choate conclude the argument against
the Wright irrigation law of California.
Before he resumed his address to the
court, which was begun on Friday after
noon, a considerable routine business was
transacted.
Justine Peckham announced the de
cision of the court in the case of the First
National Bank of Garrett, Kans., vs. the
tax officers of Anderson County, that the
tax assessed against the bank, of which it
sought to enjoin the collection, was proper
and the judgment of the Supreme Court
of Kansas in favor of the tax" was affirmed.
Chief Justice Fuller announced that
owing to the pressure upon the court the
usual February recess from the first Mon
day in that month until the first Monday
In March would not begin until the last of
the assigned cases now under considera
tion had been disposed of, or probably not
until Tuesday of next week.
The case of John H. Ward, Sheriff, vs.
Racehorse, growing out of the Bannock
Indian troubles in Jacksons Hole last
summer, will be argued on the first Mon
day in March.
The controversy between the Church of
Christ at Independence, Mo., and the Re
organized Church of Latter-Day Saints
will not get into the Supreme Court in its
present form at least, the petition of the
former for a writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit having
been denied. ■ ~ * - * , -~ .." .•*:
To-morrow the celebrated Stanford case
will come up, Mr. Choate appearing for the
widow of the late Senator Stanford. The
Government will be represented by Solic
itor-General Conrad and Assistant Attor
ney-General Dickinson.
CHARGES OF FRAUD MADE
Serious "Allegations Made by a
Committee of Dissatisfied
Stockholders.
Vast Sums Said to Have Been Ille
gally Drawn by Officers of an
Oil Trust.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. There was
forwarded from here to-night to each
stockholder of the National Linseed Oil
Company a sixteen-page circular report of
an investigating committee of three that
will create a sensation. The committee
consists of J. L. Goeppinger of lowa, J. W.
Wallace of Minnesota and Martin Collins
of Missouri, who were appointed .at the
last annual meeting of the stockholders of
the oil committee or trust, as it is ad
mitted in the circular to be, to report upon
the financial status of the concern.
There are about fifty mills and 500 stock
holders in the trust, wnich is capitalized
at $18,000,000. The committee has gone
back into the operations of the • trust be
ginning January 1, 1890. They report that
the inquiry revealed loose bookkeeping
and unsatisfactory balances. They charge
that during the years 1892, 1892 and 1894
over $83,000 was drawn by officers of the
trust as commissions for indorsing the
company's paper. One . paragraph reads:
"A review of the president's five annual
reports will show he has endeavored to
give the stocKholders a better impression
of the condition of the affairs of the com
pany than the facts warrant." *
The committee reports that it was re
fused access to the books for the past sev
enteen months and no data covers this
period.
Committeeman Collins concurs with the
majority, but in a personally " signed ad
dendum . says he thinks j the inter
ests of the . stockholders would have
been better . conserved .had. the
figures not been given. President
Alex Euston of the Linseed Oil Company
left for Chicago to-night. Before his de
parture he said that the report of the com
mittee had been sprung J upon the stock
holders just previous to the annual elec
tion in February to defeat him for
re-election. He says the committee and
their backers do not represent 2 per cent
of the stockholders, and declared that the
attempt to exploit the company's balances
was for stock-jobbing purposes. Several
St. Louis financiers are . interested in the
trust and some dissatisfaction exists.
There is now pending here in the United
States Circuit Court the petition of. L. A.
Coquard, a stockholder, asking for a re
ceiver for the company. .. ,
NOW CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Dr. Rhodes of Kentucky Accused of Killing a
Wealthy Rancher and His Own
Wife.
OWENSBORO, Ky., Jan. 27.— A- sensa
tion which has been brewing * for. some
time culminated to-night in the arrest of
Dr. P. T. Rhodes, a prominent physician
of Newviile, this county; charged with
mnrderine* Jared Robinson, * a wealthy
farmer and neighbor, last July. Rhodes
is also suspected of the murder of his
wife, who died shortly before Robinson's
death. ' -
Rhodes was attending Robinson in a
spell of illness and it is claimed poisoned
him. October 11 following Rhodes and
Mrs. Robinson were secretly married at
Jefferson ville, Ind., and at once converted
Robinson's entire estate into money, col
lecting $5000 life insurance and announced
that they were going to Mexico^ In August
following Robinson's death it is alleged a
criminal operation | was "■ performed upon
Mrs. Robinson by Rhodes/Rhodes will
be brought here to jail to-morrow morn
ing. ' •' -;•■'. ; -"•■
TROUBLE 1 WITH A/HUSBAND.
It Caused a Woman to Give Paris Green
to Her Children and Herself.
NEW YORK, N. V;, Jan. 27.— Mrs. Ida
Work, 40 years of . age, living at 467 North
street, Brooklyn, this afternoon gave pans
green to , her two boys, Otto and William,
aged 8 and 10 respectively, and { then swal
lowed some of the poison herself,; 7
All three were V taken; to St. Catherine's
Hospital. The mother died shortly after
her arrival and '] the "children are Tin a crit
ical condition. , Before she became uncon
scious the mother said that she ; had taken
the step | because '<; of . trouble with her
husband. :_.-_... ;.,...
DISOBEYED THE
ACT OF CONGRESS
Secretary Morton Scored for
Not Purchasing
Seeds.
EVADES THE MANDATES.
Senators Hansbrough and Allen
Pay their Respects to the
Agriculturist.
THE FREE SILVER SUBSTITUTE.
Nelson of Minnesota Vigorously Pro
tests Against Unlimited Coinage of
the White Metal.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 27.—
Armenian atrocities formed the subject for
the opening prayer by the blind chaplain
of the Senate, Mr. Mil burn, this morning.
As soon as the journal of Friday" last was
read the credentials of Frank J. Cannon
and Arthur Brown as Senators-elect from
the new State of Utah were presented, read
and placed on file, and the new Senators
were then escorted, to the Vice-President's
desk by Senators Dubois (R.) of Idaho and
Burrows 7 (R.) of Michigan ! and took and
subscribed the oath of office. They make
the whole number of Senators now in office
89, there being still a vacancy; from the
State of Delaware.
Among the petitions presented and re
ferred to committees was one from the wife
of John T. Waller, held in prison by the
French authorities, in which she declares
that such imprisonment is a "crime against
justice, and that if her husband had been a
British subject he would have been released
long/since." She prays Congress that
"some suitable and immediate action bo
taken for his release." /"-/T^. 7.
Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas offered a resolu
tion, which went over until to-morrow, in
structing the Interstate Commerce Com
mission to inform the Senate whether any
additional legislation is necessary to pro
tect the public interests in relation to rail
road charges from points on the Missouri
River east and west.
On motion of Mitchell (R.) of Oregon
the drawing took place between the two
Utah Senators to determine their relative
terms of service, and the Vice-President
announced that No. 1 (the long term) had
been drawn by Cannon and No. 2 (the
short term) by Brown. . .77;';
Hansbrough (R.) of North Dakota then
took the floor and proceeded with a speech
relative to matters pertaining to the De
partment of Agriculture. His subject was
the failure of the Secretary of Agriculture
to execute the law on the subject of seed
distribution. The essence of the contro
versy, he said, lav in the- proposition
whether an executive officer of the Gov
ernment has the right to willfully, delib
erately, designedly and, as in this case,
premeditatelv ignore a solemn statute of
Congress. He believed it could be shown
that the Secretary of Agriculture had dis
obeyed the mandate of the legislative
branch of the Government. ? . . \
The last Congress had made an appropri
ation of $130,000 to be used in the
purchase and distribution of field and
garden seeds, trees, cuttings, bulbs, etc., as
required by law. The Secretary had first
showed his deliberate purpose to evade
that law when he asked the Attorney-
General for an interpretation of the stat
ute with reference to the purchase of seeds.
There was nothing at all in the opinion of
the Attorney-General which was inconsist
ent with the proper work of the depart
ment, so that -the' Secretary derived but
littlo consolation from the opinion of the
Attorney-General, In accordance with
that opinion the Secretary had proceeded
to advertise for bids, but in the Secretary's
advertisement there were no specifications,
no descriptive lists of the seeds desired he
simply advised the public that bids < for
seeds would be received. Each and all the
bids were rejected on the eround that the
list did not show that the seeds were rare
and uncommon. In * the proceedings
which took place a few days ago before the
two committees on Agriculture of the two
houses the Secretary of Agriculture had
stated, when asked why he did not re
advertise for new bids, that .he did not be
lieve he was obliged to do so.
Mr. Hansbrough submitted that in ordi
nary business transactions if a man does
not secure what he desires by the first ad
vertisement it is customary for :* him to
make a second advertisement, which was
the ordinary method in everyday busi
ness transactions, and it was furthermore
the effort prescribed by act of | Congjess,
approved January 27, 1894, with reference
to the purchase of articles by various ex
ecutive departments. The Secretary shields
himself behind his own opinion that the
seeds offered were not "rare and uncom
mon." The provision of the law as to the
beneficial effect of frequent changes of
seed from one locality to another the Sec
retary had intentionally ignored and dis
regarded. He had likewise ignored the
articles of the other statute which requires
readvertisements for proposals. It was
the plain duty of the Secretary, if he were
faithful in the performance of *> his duty
and desired to execute the laws
of Congress, to have readvertised
and . to have earnestly endeavored
to aid bidders in offering seeds of the kind
and character that the law demanded and
the Secretary required. Instead of this he
rejected all bids upon technical 'grounds,
forthwith abolished the * seed division of
his department and ; announced that there
would be no seeds purchased and distribu
ted under the appropriation bill "for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1896. ■:■■
Altogether the position of the Secretary
in the matter was exceedingly tame. That
he deliberately set out to disobey the man
date of Congress there could be no doubt;
that he personally was opposed to the pur
chase and distribution of seeds .of 7 any
character, whether they be "rare or un
common" or otherwise; there was no ques
tion and so the Senate had here a case in
which a high executive officer deliberately
sets aside the law * of Congress.*?* The great
question above * all* others was the contu
macious conduct of the Secretary." ■; Could
an officer of the executive branch is of , the
Government, who .was " in effect , a high
salaried clerk, defiantly and stubbornly re
fuse to carry . into ; effect the acts of the
Congress of the United States ?
; : Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska \ said that -he
disagreed entirely with the Secretary. of
Agriculture as to his duty. A He thought it
was the Secretary's plain duty to execute
the law and to purchase the seeds required
by 7 the appropriation bill. No one who
knew him could doubt his great capacity
to discharge the duties of his office. Un
fortunately, however, the Secretary did
not always confine himself to agricultural
matters, but sometimes undertook to dis
cuss financial questions, usurping, to some
extent, the duties of the Secretary of the
Treasury. ;7- 7
George (D.) of Mississippi made an argu
ment against the pending joint resolution,
which directs the Secretary of Agriculture
to carry into effect the provisions of the
act. •;;
At 2 p. m. the Vice-President interrupted
Mr. George's ■ speech and laid before the
Senate the House bond bill, with the free
silver substitute. '; Nelson (R.) of Minnesota
addressed ; the " Senate— his first "-* regular
speech in the body. He said :
"The free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver at the ratio 0f,16 to 1 by the United
States alone, at this time and under exist
ing conditions, will destroy the last vestige
and last hope of genuine bimetallism, and
reduce us *to a pure state of silver mono
metallism, with Mexico, China and Japan
as our chief metallic" money associates.
"Complete bimetallism implies not only
equal privileges, ! but also .equal faculties
of circulation. : Both metals may be freely
coined and yet more freely circulated. A
metal may be freely coined and yet be
powerless to maintain itself in circulation.
Though both metals may be freely coined,
yet if for any cause only one of these is in
active circulation, then there is a failure
of that _ bimetallism which seeks an
abundant currency and enhanced prices—
the chief grounds upon which free coinage
is placed. In this full and plenary sense
we have never had complete bimetallism
in this country. .We have been subject to
that law from which no nation is exempt,
that where two kinds of metallic money,
of equal coin value, of unequal com
mercial value, circulate side by side, that
money which is intrinsically and commer
cially cheapest will drive the dearest out
of circulation, unless the two are, as a
a matter of law and fact interconvertible
with each other. Our own experience and
our own financial history makes this plain
and manifest. At least three times in our
experience have we suffered the penalty
of this law and sought to overcome its
effect." * z/'i/y/TA.
He concluded by saying:
'The silver countries, Mexico, China
and Japan, arc not the purchasers of our
surplus wheat and cotton. We have to
look to the ' gold-standard countries for
our customers. But when every other
argument fails the advocates of free silver
appeal to our prejudices and say that by
aiming to keep our money to the gold
standard we are merely knuckling down
to England, putting ourselves in her grasp
and placing ourselves at her mercy. Eng
land occupies the vantage ground she
does because her exchanges are made in
the universal money of the world. Our
form of government, our climate and our
resources, and, above all, the restless
energy and vigor of our people, entitle us
to stand at the head of the industrial and
commercial world. But we can never
hope to reach that high place by reducing
our currency to the level of Mexico, China
and Japan mere bullion value of sil
ver."
Bacon (D.) of Georgia was the next to
address the Senate. It was also his
maiden speech in the body and he deliv
ered it with much oratorical grace and
effect. He spoke of the . restoration of
silver to general currency on the same
terms as gold as a question which had
stood in the foreground of discussion for
the last twenty years. He strongly favored
such restoration. Bacon argued that there
was no authority under existing Jaw for
the issue of bonds, and that if there were
such a law ought to be repealed.
Bacon carried on an extended colloquy
with Hill (D.) of New York as to the effect
of . the bond issues, and contended that
instead of issuing bonds to obtain gold,
the $177,009,000 of surplus in the treasury
should be used in the redemption of Gov
ernment securities — the paper money
being exchanged . for silver coin and this
silver coin paid out. He said that if the
Government persisted : in ignoring silver
money and in redeeming its obligations
only in gold there would be in a few years
five hundred millions locked up in the
Treasury in the shape of greenbacks and
treasury notes, and the circulation !of the
country would be diminished to that ex
tent. ' ' :7y. : y>'^ /- p/^y::
At the close of Bacon's speech Clark (R.)
of Wyoming obtained the floor.
"Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts gave notice
of an amendment to the bond bill provid
ing for an issue of $100,000,000 in 3 per cent
bonds to provide for coast defenses.
The Senate, after a short executive ses
sion, at 5 p. m. adjourned until to-morrow.
ROUTINE .IN THE HOUSE.
Passage of the Bill Relating to Timber
Sales on Reservations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— the
House to-day, on motion of Towne (R.) of
Minnesota a bill amending the act of 1889
in regard to the sale of pine timber lands
on certain Indian reservations, permitting
its sale in small parcels, was passed.
The House then, on motion by Babcock
(R.) of Wisconsin, . passed the Senate bill
authorizing the incorporation of a post
graduate school of medicine in the District
of Columbia. v y A'yy./pAy
Speaker Reed laid before the House the
message of the President relating to the
failure of the negro colonization scheme in
Mexico; referred to 7 the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
; On motion by Steele (R.) of Indiana the
annual report of the' Board of Managers of
Soldiers' Homes was referred to the Com
mittee on Appropriations and the Com
mittee on Military Affairs.
The House then, at 4:55 p. m., adjourned
until to-morrow. A p777-T
DIPLOMATS ARE IN. HOUBT.
They Hesitate at Sending an Agent to the
Transvaal.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— ca
bled , request .of .<; the 7 Americans in the
Transvaal that President Cleveland send
a diplomatic agen t there to look after the in
terests of the American citizens arrested
for complicity . in the late , alleged Uit
landers conspiracy has been rece ved at
the State Department. , 7 No .action ; has
been taken upon the i request, but Secre
taryOlney is . said to ; have talked it over
,with the President at Ja T long conference
between them this morning.
7* There is a somewhat , delicate question
involved in appointing a representative
with diplomatic functions .to a state over
which" Great V Britain . claims suzerainty.
It was recently semi-officiailv announced
from London that if Emperor William
sent a diplomatic officer to Pretoria Great
Britain would regard it as a declaration of
war.
Dividends of Banks.
-WASHINGTON,- D. C, Jan. 27.-The
Comptroller of the' Currency has declared
dividends as follows: ; Third dividend, 10
per cent, Oregon ■ National Bank "- of Port
land, Or. ; seventh dividend, 25 per ..cent,'
Albuquerque National Bank of Albuquer
que, N.M.: final dividend, 10J_ per cent
Lloyd's National Bank of Jamestown*
N. D. *
WILL ATTEMPT
A COMPROMISE
Conferences Between the
Silver and Anti-Silver
Senators.
MUST GO UPON RECORD.
Friends of the White Metal May
Force Their Adversaries
to a Vote.
ONE PECULIAR PROPOSITION.
Contemplates the Retirement of Green
backs and the Issuance of More
Gold Bonds.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 27.— During
the session of the Senate to-day there
were numerous conferences between silver
and anti-silver Democrats and Repub
lican. There was every evidence of a
desire to get together on the financial
question.
Should there be any compromise it can
only come after ' the silver men have put
the Senate on record by an aye and no
vote on the free-silver substitute now
under debate. The compromise can only
be effected in the conference committee.
As a means for arriving at some solution
of the problem, through the instru
mentality of that committee, the situation
is being canvassed in the Senate. The
proposition discussed to-day came from
one of the most prominent silver Demo
crats in the Senate and its character, un
folded by the author himself to prominent
Republican Senators, is such as has occa
sioned considerable surprise among those
who have been taken into the conference.
This proposition contemplates the re
tirement of the greenbacks ana the treas
ury notes by the issuance of $500,000,000
of gold bonds, a declaration that all out
standing bonds of the Government shall
be paid in gold regardless of the language
used and the opening of the "United States
mints to the free and unlimited coinage of
silver. 'A'/"/
This scheme, which apparently gives the
gold men all they ask and the silver men
all they have been demanding, is meeting
with opposition, especially among the
ranks of the sound money men on the
Democratic side of the chamber and the
silver Republicans. Of course it is a tenta
tive proposition, as are many others that
are being broached. The belief is strong,
however, that no common ground can he
reached whereon the contending elements
can stand.
The proposition outlined comes from a
Senator of such prominence, however,' that
it is commanding much attention.
NORTHERN j NAVIGATION,
A Bill Providing for a Survey Up the
Yukon River.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. Among
the bills introduced in the Senate to-day
was one by Mitchell of Oregon, appro
priating $5000 to enable the Coast and
Geodetic Survey to ascertain whether
there is not a southern channel entrance
to the Yukon River, Alaska, for sailing
vessels, which would obviate the necessity
for going as far north as Norton Sound, at
which point freight and passengers are
now transferred to the Yukon River
steamers, and for 'the purpose of making a
thorough survey of the mouth or mouths
of the Yukon River.
Premium on the Bonds.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27— Some
uncertainty having developed in the pub
lic mind as to how and when the premium
on the new bonds should be paid, it was
stated at the treasury to-day that the pre
mium would be paid in the same propor
tion as the bonds were paid for, viz. : 20
per cent the first payment and 10 per cent
every fifteen days until the payment is
completed. From the first to the last pay
ment 120 days will elapse. As each pay
ment is made the accepted bidder for
bonds is privileged to receive the propor
tion of bonds he has paid for. /p.y-
Treasury. Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, JD. C, Jan. 27.-The
treasury gold reserve to-day at the close
of business stood at $50,533,613. There
was deposited at New York $1,000,000 in
gold and $131,400 in gold was withdrawn.
. Reason
Must be used in * taking medicine. When
faithfully and persistently used Hood's
Sarsaparilla will permanently cure all
blood diseases. Therefore take only
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists, $1.
H OOd 'S Pi 1 £ 88i8t Digestion and Cure
ii UUU a fins constipation. 25 cents
r FRENCH —^
Fashions j
: FREE 1
J Illustrated by 3 dolls with SI dresses, 6 salts, S3 hats, i
J and 35 other articles, furnishing the ladies with the latest V
V French fashions as well as the children with an amusing toy. V
J ; j^BK WayS tO ■■"■■' f Send 6 Coupons, or ♦
X • -7« _^__4f TU __*.__>__*. J & en & 1 Coupon and 6 cents, or ♦
J tyTJM '13- ■ n CS© l Send 10 Cents without any ♦
t^- T^ Fashions. I coupons ♦
X BlackwelTs Durham Tobacco Co., Durham, N. C, and the +
.'.,.'& .... Fashion Dolls will be sent you postpaid. You will find one coupon 4
\ J X inside each 2 oz. bag, and two coupons inside each 4 oz. bag oi . a
\ Blackwell's Genuine ]
1| 7 Durham Tobacco.  \
J Buy a bag of t * 1 - 3 Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the X
£•■'.,: coupon which gives a list of other premiums and how to get them. X
- * %0 '*"---"* 9 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED. ▲
Don't measure
but measure
what you can
gain. Now yon
yonr shattered
THE GREAT HUDYAN!
MARVELOUS HUDYAN I
Will Do For You
Just What You Wish.
Your measure in life will be full and com-
plete. HUDYAN cures certain cases of liver
and kidney affections. Cures nervous exhaus-
tion, nervous debility and nearly all nervous
troubles. You can only get the Great HUDYAN
from the ■ •-'■ AAA'
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Send for Circulars and Testimonials
FREE.
TAINTED BLOOD— blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not bave. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver trouble.,
"All About the Liver," sent free. * * :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— up their kidneys. If you wi9h to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
i
COUGHS AND GOLDS
ELY'S FkNEOLA BALSAM is a sure Rem-
edy for coughs, colds, sore throat and for asthma.
I ||/yw*%^l^^Cl_ abat. a the couch ana
I W^^^^^ COSSUMPTIYES
t____*_TJKxnZW__t Will invariably de-
iMxM^X^w^iS^^^i lv c benem from Is
Hl#llrlA"____!_f ,^____F use - la ny "bo sup-
M_jjlAA^g^i|_%*_jiy^ p so their cases to be
l_®__T^BiM«*_*_.^ l^^^ consumption areonly
KmE^_^S_^^_?^_§^* seated cougb, otiesx
LwVVnss* I Ji^i_lJ^lJ^j tarrh. For catarrh
use Ely's Cream Balm. : oth re/nediesare pleasant
to use. Cream Balm, COc per bottle; Plneola Bal-
•am. 25c. Sold by Druggists.
ELY HERS. 68 Warren St., New York.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
yf_"-i_*v "Weakness of Body and
f_Rs*\___ Mind, Effects of Errors
A-t *■**. Y»_,6_a_K or Excesses in Old or
_-»TO*-V _f , Young. Robust, Noble
ftnJrAY Manhood fully Restored.
« KT/' How to Enlarge and
>_*» _______t\ Strengthen Weak, Un-
/JjWSVir^^CAj developed Portions of
fislw M ,-***iaiV-t Bo( iy. Absolutely un-
ryvSJH_WPK\\ IWfl failing Homo Treatment.
IfiyMsriiAUM — Benefits in a day.
Men testify from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed- (sealed; free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
,_m%_l^ li %kmmA
«MKNili______)
TBTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUB
A eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with Instruments of his own* invention, whose
superiority has not been equaled. My •*__■*<*« amt
IMD due to the merits of my work. •
Office Hours— 12 to _ _ . __
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
?*_?«_ C EABWYST Established
in ** for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Trybim. Charges low
fnrp».u»ranlf<<d. Callorwrite.
v ur.j.j*.«___Bi.oflt, _*©_* 1057.5 an Francisco!THERE ARE SOME
GOOD PRECEDENTS.
Kentucky's Legislature Has
the Right to Repeal the
Charter.
CALIFORNIA'S CHANCE.
Should Lose No Time in Send
ing Material for the Fight
Against Huntington.
HONEST MEN ARE FOR REFORMS
But the Southern Pacific Lobby Will
Rally for a Most Determined
Struggle.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 27.-It is now
certain that Senator Goebel's bill, for the
repeal of the charter granted the Southern
Pacific in ISS4, will not be taken up until
next week. The bill will probably be re
ported back by the Judiciary Committee
on Thursday, but the calendar is crowded
and its consideration will be postponed
for a few days.
Until the Senatorial contest is settled
there is but little prospect of the Legisla
ture getting down to its regular work, and
until it does there is but little probability
of the Goebel bill to repeal the charter of the
Southern Pacific Company being reported
by the committee having it under consid
eration, unless special efforts are made to
bring it forth.
That strong efforts will be made to keep
it in the committee until Huntington's
henchmen and lobbyists have completed
their preparations for its final defeat goes
without ■..ing. and it will take active
and vigorous work to secure its passage.
Many of the members of both houses of
this Legislature, as with those of the past,
are the regularly retained attorneys of the
several railroad corporations whose inter
ests are likely to be affected by legislation,
and, as a rule, all such men stand together
in a case like this or can be easily per
suaded to do so.
From the western section of the State,
from Louisville to Paducah and Pulton,
through which the Newport News and
Mississippi Valley Railroad and its several
branches run, Mr. Huntington will have
some strong supporters and some strong
opponents, and so from the section east of
Lexington along the line of the Lexington
and Big ...civ division of the Chesapeake
and Ohio Railroad. Though the people in
general in these parts of the State are bit
terly hostile to hi 3 system, he usually
manages to secure the election of candi
dates friendly to his interests, and so
thwart the plans of his opponents.
This year, however, is California's
golden opportunity. At the last election
the tidal wave of Republican success which
so unexpectedly swept over the State of :
Kentucky carried down before it many of
the railroad attorney members and others
who looked upon the seats in the Legisla
ture as their own personal property, or
places to which they had a lifelong lease.
New and better men have taken their
places — men who were elected on pledges
to reform the abuses of their predecessors,
and unless a sufficient number' are
promptly persuaded over to Huntington's
side there is danger in store for him — not
on account of the Southern Pacific charter
alone, but from a desire to correct many
other abuses which his management is
perpetuating upon the people who from
lack of competition are at his mercy.
It maybe said that the temper of the
people of Kentucky and of their Legisla
ture is more favorable now to the correc
tion of corporate abuses than it has been
since the war or will ever be again. An
unlooked-for combination of circumstances
has made it so, and California should not
lose the opportunity that will probably
never be within reach again. Indeed, it
may pass beyond her reach even now un
less prompt measures are taken. All the
pertinent facts bearing on the history of
the Southern Pacific Company, and the
status of the fight that has been made
against it, should be laid before the several
members of the Legislature in printed
form and also by a strong and capable
committee without loss of time. Delay
will almost insure a defeat, as it will give
Huntington time to fix things to his own
liking.
That the Legislature has the power to
repeal the charter oi the Southern Pacific
Company, or any other like charter, in
whole or in part is now generally con
ceded. Many cases have arisen in the past
six years in which that power has been
tested in the highest courts and in every
instance affirmed. Several of these were
from the City of Louisville. The old con
stitution provided in a measure for the
exemption from taxation of property de
voted to religious' or educational purposes.
To avail themselves of this privilege a
number of schools in Louisville secured
the passage of acts making them corporate
bodies, such acts containing a clause ex
empting them from taxation.
In 1890 the Legislature passed an act
amending the charter of the city of Louis
ville, and by this act virtually, if not in so
many words, repealed so much of the
school charters referred to and others as
exempted them from taxation. The schools
combined to test the case, and were beaten
in the Louisville Law and Equity Court.
The Kentucky Medical University, how
ever, carried their own case, which had
some special features, to the Court of Ad
peals, which decided against them, saying
that they acquired.no vested rights under
their charter from the State that the
State could not take away.
The fight was a long and a hard one, and
the case was well presented and fully dis
cussed. The opinion of the court was
unanimous as to the power of the Legisla
ture to repeal the exemption clause.
11 UN TING TON IN WASHINGTON.
On Hand With His Retainers to Back
Up Projects.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— C. P.
Huntington arrived this morning accom
panied by Charles H. Tweed, an .attorney
for the Southern Pacilic, and whose office
is in New York. Huntington spent con
siderable part of to-day at the Capitol.
John Boyd, his faithful retainer, had him
in tow. Huntington held a veritable state
reception in the marble room of the Sen
ate., The Senators came out singly and in
pairs and groups to worshiD at his shrine.
They seemed proud to do- him reverence.
Huntington bore himself with the dignity
of a king receiving his loyal subjects. One
of the California Senators said to-night:
"I saw Huntington and John Boyd to
gether in the rotunda of the Capitol to-day %
and stopped to observe them. Tnere stood*
Huntington, a conspicuous figure, trie at
traction for all eyes. He was being pointed
out by Capitol guides as the great million
aire and railroad, magnate, and seemed to
enjoy the sensation he created. But what
amused me most was his man Friday.
John Boyd. He stood by his master, rub
bing his hands together with great satis
faction and evident enjoyment. Boyd's face
was wreathed in smiles, and he was appa
rently very proud of his exalted station in
Huntington's employment."
. Huntington left for Newport News to
night, but returns here in a few days. He
has several big schemes on hand besides
the funding bill. One is the Santa Monica
deep harbor project; another is to urge an
appropriation by the Government to pay
the Southern Pacific's claim of several
million dollars for hauling troops, mail,
etc., which has always been defeated here
tofore. He will also endeavor to secure a
right of way througb the San Carlos (Ariz.)
Indian reservation for a branch railroad
from Bowie to Globe.
The sub-committee of the House Indian
Affairs Committee to-day reported favor
ably upon several recommendations con
tained in President Cleveland's message
transmitted to the last Congress, vetoing
the bill granting the Southern Pacific a
right of way through San Carlos without
the consent of the Indians. The commit
tee is in favor of limiting the amount of
land to be set aside for depots, yards and
terminals, as well as the land for. right of
way for the railroad, and also requiring
the railroad to file in advance a plan of its
proposed route and the land it wants, but
tne bub-committee is adverse to the Presi
dent's recommendation that no rights-of
way be granted any railroad without the
consent of the Indians.
The full committee meets Thursday and j
will probably adopt the report of the sub- (
committee, but if it passes in that shape
Cleveland will probably veto it.
REQUEST TU POWERS
Continued from First Page.
the plan first set forth by Peter the Great
for the partition of Turkey between the
powers, Russia taking Armenia and Con
stantinople, France taking Syria and
Palestine and England taking Egypt and
the eastern shores of the Persian Gulf,
the remainder of the Turkish empire to
be divided among the other powers.
The Daily News also has a dispatch from
Sebastopol asserting that secret prepara
tions are going forward there for vessels
and armaments for a volunteer fleet.
It is the general belief at Sebastopol, the
dispatcn asserts, that these preparations
foreshadow some action in the spring.
IN THE DISTURBED DISTRICTS.
Great Destitution Follows the Raids of
the Kurds.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 27.— following
letter from Constantinople, under date of
January 4, surveys the general situation in
the disturbed districts of Turkey:
"On December 31 a terrible slaughter of
half of the Christian inhabitants of Birid
jik took place. It is said that the Kurds
did these things. Panic prevailed at An
gora and all along there to Nicomedia last
week. Some new danger has threatened
Suras. At Marash the situation is not
good. Mr. Terrell has been promised that
regular troops shall replace the Redif
Guards there and has had new cautions
given the Governor. At Cesarea the situa
tion has improved, though confidence is
weak. At Harpoot destitution is terrible
beyond all comparison with other places
yet heard from.
"The total killed known is '12,078, and
5064 houses have been burned. The area
here included is about one-fifth of the
whole devastated, but it seems likely that
the losses are one-third of the whole. At
Mardin it is still impossible to go outside
of the walls of the city. At Bitlis there is
more security for the missionaries who
will probably remain there all winter.
Adana bas suffered a good deal from panic.
Had in is still safe, but reports are now
circulating of trouble there.
"The college (male) of the American
Board of Harpoot has commenced its
classes. At Sivas the missionary schools
have been reopened, and the people are
venturing out fairly well. There has been
a season of fasting and prayer at Mar
sovan. The people say that even the
nursing babes were made to fast until
noon.
"Relief work grows apace. The Duke of
Westminster's committee has sent $25,000
more. In Van about 9000 people are being
helped with funds sent Dr. Grace Kimball
of Bangor. Me., who has rented two public
ovens for feeding the poor. Consul Hapson
at Moush has the Hassoun villagers still
safe, and is furnishing them with grain.
"In Trebizond about 5000 people are be
ing helped. At Harpoot relief work has
been authorized after pressure from the
English and American legations and the
first $1000 has already been distributed.
At Constantinople missionary rooms are
transformed into a clothing warehouse.
The clothing and bedding go mainly to
near points,' Trebizond and Cesarea.
"The Embassadors have intervened to
save the populace of Zeitoun and a consu
lar commission has been accepted to go
there and mediate and prevent massacre
when the place surrenders."
SATISFACTORY RELIEF WORK.
Thousands Depend Upon the Anglo-
American Fund for Bread.
LONDON, -En-a., Jan. 27.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say that satisfactory
reports have been received of the .relief
work in thirteen centers in Anatolia. In
the district covered from these centers
there are 120.000 persons depending upon
the Anglo-American fund for their daily
bread.
MISSIONARIES NOT DISTURBERS.
Denunciation of Charges Made by the
Turks.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 27.-The Ameri
can Board to-day received a cablegram
saying that the Turkish Government had
refused permission for Rev. H. S. Barnum,
the editor of a missionary paper, to go to
Erzeroum to engage in relief work among
the Armenians, on the ground that mis
sionaries are proven disturbers. The dis
patch adds that Minister Terrell denounces
the charges as calumny.
A Cigar- Dealer Assigns.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 27.-Henry
B. Grauly, one of the largest, if not the
largest, cigar-dealers in Philadelohia, do
ins* business at 527 Chestnut street, this
city, has made an assignment. No state
ment of liabilities and assets is given.
A Receiver Appointed.
OTTAWA, 111., Jan. 27.— The Marseilles
Manufacturing 7 Company, which is the
principal industry of -that little town,
operating the largest implement factory
in Central Illinois, failed fors2oo,ooo to-day.
Its creditors ere scattered from the Missis
sippi to the Atlantic seaboard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
FLOODGATES OF
THE SKIES AJAR
California Again Deluged
by a Heavy Fall
of Rain.
DAMAGE AT WOODLAND.
Tracts . Bordering on Swollen
Streams Washed Away by
the Torrents.
__________
STOCKTON IS THREATENED.
Rapid Rise in the San Joaquin and
Mormon Channel— Other Sections
Under Water.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.—
steady storm of the past twenty hours
is beginning to be noticeable in many of
the newly reclaimed districts, and it is
feared that within the next twenty-four
hours almost incalculable damage will
occur.
On Androus Island, some distance be
j low this city, the lower levee has crumbled
| away, and one email reclaimed district is
entirely under water. As yet the levees
on the other two districts have held, and
the owners are laboring night and day to
strengthen them. A break is also reported
J in the levee on Ryer Island, which has
i done great damage, and breaks in the
i bank of the Sacramento River are reported
! from various localities, many small hold
j ings being under water.
In the southern portion of this city con
; siderable difficulty has been experienced
owing to the overflow from the sewers,
which are too small to carry off the great
amount of water that has fallen. Streets
and yards are flooded, and in several in
stances the water has entered the lower
floors of the residences. Especially is this
. the case in dwellings which were erected
before the adjoining streets and lots were
j filled in, but as far as the levees are con
| cerned there is no symptom of danger.
Railroad traffic on the northern road by
J way of Willows has been abandoned for
i the present, as the creeks from the coast
; range have overflowed their banks and
j caused numerous washouts, and several
! landslides are reported on the Shasta divi
sion. These have been removed, however,
and the authorities are laboring hard to
restore the Willows road. A- A-
WOODLAND REPORTS DAMAGE.
Land on the Wolf skill Rancho Is Being
Washed Axcay.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— Cache
Creek was rising rapidly this afternoon,
and if it continues for three hours the
track north of the woolen mills will be
washed out.
Late to-night a report reached this city
that the bulkhead at Moore's dam had
broken out, and that the ditches on this
side are ail running full and threatening
a large scope of country west and north
of Browns Corner with overflow.
At 4:30 o'clock the pile-driving crew re
turned from the Yolo bridge and reported
; that no further work can be done before
; to-morrow. The country is flooded within
a half mile west of town. Country people
; cannot get into the city.
An immense tract of land in the Wolf-
I skill rancho is washing away. Colonel
I Taylor spent a fortune last fall in the hope
of preventing a repetition of last winter's
washout, but his efforts . have been with
; out avail. Some of the best land will go
i down the stream to fill in the tules, and
the creek is changing its course.
At Winters the rainstorm precipitated
I 1.70 inches of water from 4 or 5 o'clock
I yesterday afternoon until 8 o'clock this
I morning. _£9fp
Putah Creek did not reach high-water
! mark and at 9 o'clock it was reported to be
<at a standstill. No bridges or culverts are
| reported washed away, and the damages
! to the county roads are not of a very seri
i ous character.
At Capay there is no rain-gauge, but one
correspondent is confident that the rainfall
during the afternoon and night was more
than two inches. There was a report
early this morning that some small cul
verts in Hungry Hollow had been carried
away. A portion of Capay was again
flooded by water from the old abandoned
ditch.
STOCKTON IK DANGER.
Mormon Channel May Overflow and In-
undate the' City.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 27.— 1t began
j raining heavily again this afternoon and
the already swollen streams are to-night
assuming a dangerous aspect. Manufac
: turing institutions located along Mormon
i Channel expect to have t o shut down in a
| few hours. The water is running through
j the streets of Linden to-night, and it is
> feared that Mormon Channel will leave its
! banks in this city before morning. The
channel was h igh to-day and it is probable
that the result of last night's rain has not
been seen here yet. A/ :
At Linden a heavy rain fell last night
and to-day. The San Joaquin River at the
i county bridge is but a foot and a half be
low the high-water mark, but the water is
rising rapidly. At Lockeford the.Moke
liimne River was reported very high. The
water ran over the levee into the J. C. Kerr
ranch, flooding the tract, which is bottom
| land. At Farmington it was said that Lit
tle John Creek could stand a whole lot more
' rain.
A farmer who came to town this morn-
I ing on the Cherokee "land road reported
j that water from the Calaveras River was
running into North-street canal, near the
West winery. An authentic report was
received here to-day that Ryer Island was
being flooded by a break in the levee.
The island is three hours' distant from
here: by steamboat and is on the Sacra
mento side of the San Joaquin's channel.
! It is all reclaimed, and thousands of acres
j of grain are threatened.
A special dispatch to the Mail from the
head of Grand. Island, received to-day,
I says that the San Joaquin , River at that
point is 6}_ inches higher than ever pre
viously known. .*..■-.
1 a. m.— Mormon Channel is now rising
at the rate. of five inches an hour. It is
expected, that the boiler-rooms of the
woolen-mills will be flooded before morn
ing. Heavy rain is reported to-night from
all points in the San Joaquin Valley., The
San Joaquin River has risen one foot dur
j ing the past twenty-four hours -*nd is still
; swelling. Tributary streams are running
i bank full and threatening to overflow.
LOS ANGELES NOT -SLIGHTED.
■Denizens of the Angels', City Find Use for '■
. Their Umbrellas.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.--The Los
Angeles world is again under an umbrella.
The streets ; are running with : the down
pour of another storm, which is in a fair
,way to be a heavy ono for the season.' The
rain commenced at 8 a. m. to-day, and up
to noon it had registered .11 of an inch,
making 3.42 inches for the season. A
At 1 o'clock the downpour had become
something terrific. The storm drains in a
half hour had ■: become unable to care for
the water and the streets became impass
able for pedestrians. This heavy shower
continued for about half -an hour, and in
tnat time over an inch of rain fell, making
the total up to to-night 1.28. Rain ceased
falling in the afternoon, but the sines are
black to-night, and the weather bureau
announces the indications are that another
inch will fall before morning.
KNIGHTS LANDING THREATENED.
Backwater From the Broken Levees En
croaching Upon the Town.
KNIGHTS LANDING, Cal., Jan. 27.—
The water is still pouring into the break
in the Lippincott levee, two miles below
town, but the backwater is a quarter of a
mile below town, and has not perceptibly
risen since yesterday. It now seems that
unless there is a big rise in Cache CreeK,
the water from the Lippincott break will
not make any further encroachments upon
the town territory.
Advices from down the river are to the
effect that the break on the Hershey place
is now about 700 feet in width and much
deeper than it was last year. As a result,
while the river is not as high by four or
five feet as it was last year, the water in
the Yolo basin is a foot deeper than it was
ever before known.
There was a terrific storm late yesterday
afternoon, during which an inch of rain fell
in a few minutes. Tne storm continued dur
ing the night, and to-day the weather has
been very showery. At 8 o'clock this
morning the rain for the twenty-four hours
amounted to 1.50 inches.
The Hays & Garoutte tract is flooded.
When the Lippincott levee broke the back
water swept over the Wright farm and
attacked the north levee, on the Hays &
Garoute tract. It soon gave way, and a
great volume of water poured "in. The
tract comprises about 2000 acres, and was
guarded on all sides by what were sup
posed to be secure levees. Nearly all was
under water to-day. Mr. Hays moved his
family to the residence of William Brown
ell and his household effects to Woodland
yesterday afternoon. .
This afternoon the water from the Lip
pincott break was reported to be gradually
creeping this way. A force of men has
gone down to see if anything can be done
to avert a flood. The wind has subsided,
but the river has risen three inches since
morning. _.
SANTA BARBARA FLOODED.
State Street Becomes an Impassable Sheet
of Water. P..A.-P
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 27.—
Santa Barbara has within the past twelve
hours been treated to the fiercest downfall
of rain ever experienced here. About 4
o'clock this morning the deluge began,
and at 11 o'clock this forenoon 2.11 inches
had fallen, fully half of the precipitation
occurring within two hours. The effect
of this great flood, falling upon the already
sodden earth, cannot be -conceived. Little
i actual damage was done, however, beyond
the gullying of a few ill-graded streets and
the caving in of an occasional sewer.
State street, the one business avenue of
the city, a broad thoroughfare two miles
in length, covered with concrete and lined
by business houses throughout the better
portion of its course, was selected by the
little rivulets in the upper part of town as
their smoothest course to tne ocean, and as
a consequence a torrent poured down the
street at a furious rate, filling it from curb
to curb with a sheet of water seven inches
in depth. The two sides of the street were
for the time effectually separated.
The cellars of Fithian block, now under
erection, were filled with water and the
city fire engine was brought into requisi
tion to pump them out. The railroad
track was flooded at Saticoy and land
slides and washouts have occurred be
i tween here and there. There is some hope
j that the southern train due here at noon
I may meander in before to-morrow morn
' ing. The channel was so rough this morn
. ing that the gasoline schooner Santa Cruz,
j belonging to Justinian Caire and plying
i between Santa Barbara and the island,
which left port, was obliged to turn back.
DAMAGE AT BLACKS,
Large Warehouse Stored With Wheat
Rased by the Wind.
BLACKS, Cal., Jan. 27.— 0n Saturday
there were strong hopes that the backbone
of the storm had been broken. These
hopes were dispelled yesterday afternoon.
About 2.25 inches of rain fell from 4 o'clock
last evening until 8 o'clock this morning,
and a greater part of this fell in a few min
utes during the afternoon. The rainstorm
was accompanied by a high wind from the
south.
The Thomas & Hunt warehouse here,
which was built in 1875 and was a structure
435 feet in length, blown down. All
except about twenty feet is flat upon the
ground. The part left standing was pro
tected by boxcars standing on a sidetrack.
The warehouse contained about 500 tons of
wheat, which is more or less damaged. It
was placed under cover as soon as possible.
Within a few hours after the cloudburst
yesterday afternoon all the creeks and ar
royos in this neighborhood were running
bankful. The water now appears to be at
a standstill.
DOWNPOUR AT NAPA.
Streets of the Town Converted Into Mm
iatxire Rivers.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 27.— A terrific rain
storm set in late , yesterday afternoon, and
for several hours rain fell in torrents.
The sewers were not equal to the task of
carrying off such a large amount of water,
and the streets were, therefore, soon con
verted into miniature rivers. Napa River
and Creek became raging torrents and
overflowed their banks at some points.
The rain was accompanied by- a heavy
wind, which did some damage to fruit
orchards throughout the valley, and also
by heavy thunder and flashes of lightning.
The latter interfered greatly with the fire
alarm system in Napa and several false
alarms were turned in. •-'//.•;. .
Grain is not high enough in this valley
to be greatly, damaged by the wind, and
the only fear : is that much of it may be
washed out. The water has gone down
considerable during the day and the river
is now running inside its banks.
IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Nature Sheds Copious Tears Upon San
Jose and Los Gatos.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 27— It rained
heavily in this vicinity all last night, the
rainfall In this city for the twenty-four
hours ending at noon today being 1.38
inches. This makes a total rainfall of 8.54
inches for the season, against 17.13 to the
same date last season. 'TAAATA
In Los Gatos the storm was even heavier,
1.85 inches having fallen between 9 o'clock
last evening and 6 o'clock this morning.
The streets and creeks in that place are
flooded.
MER CED WIND. S WEP T.
Slight Damage Done by a Stiff Breeze
From the South,
MERCED, Cal:, Jan. 27— A stiff wind
from the south set in yesterday morning
and continued with increased velocity un
til noon to-day. It felled a few fences and
here and there a few weak roofs on "barns
suffered, ■; but otherwise no damage re
sulted. About 9 o'clock last night a driv
ing rain set in, and continued with but few
intervals until 10 A. M. to-day, the down
; pour measuring one inch for the few hours
it continued. ;• Big pools of water stand in
all the low places, and the ground every
where has received a thorough soaking.
Yolo Bridge Loses a Pier.
YOLO, Cal., Jan. Cache Creek was
higher this morning than it has* been at
any time this season.:' The levees were all
right, however, and would have Stood four
or five feet .more of water. The center
pier of the railroad bridge was carried
away this morning and no more trains
will be permitted to run over the structure
until .it is . repaired. The creek has . re
ceded two or three feet since noon, and the
worst results of the storm are believed to
be over.
Redding Hemmed In.
REDDING, Cal., Jan. 27.— Rain began
falling again Saturday and continued Sun
day and to-day. The river has raised to
such a height as to make it impossible to
cross either by bridge or ferry. . There is
no mail communication from the east side
of the county or from the south on account
of washouts on the railroad and high
water. The rain has ceased for about four
hours and the indications are to-night that
the storm is at an end.
San Joaquin Valley Benefited.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 27.— The fruit and
grain prospects of the center of the great
San Joaquin Valley were never more
promising than at this time. The sharp
rise in wheat will have the effect of greatly
increasing the acreage ,of the valley.
Nearly an inch of rain has fallen here
during the past twenty-four hours, mak
ing over four inches for the season, against
eight inches for the same time last year.
It Falls Upon Newcastle.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., Jan. 27.-A brisk
wind prevailed here all of yesterday, clos
ing with the heaviest rain known here for
years. It began falling in the afternoon
and continued throughout the night, and
this morning all of the streams are swell
ing to their utmost and -the ground re
ceived a thorough soaking. No damage
has been reported as yet.
Santa Rosa Deluged.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.,. Jan. 27.— Rain has
been falling in this section almost con
stantly for the past ten days. Yesterday
afternoon it came down in torrents, and,
with loud peals of thunder and blinding
sheets of lightning, combined to make the
severest storm of the season. The fall for
the past twenty-four hodrs was 1.31; for
tbe season, 17.-4.
Pacific Grove's Moist Visitant.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Jan. 27.— A
storm that promises to rival in magnitude
and duration the one of a few days ago be
gan here about three o'clock this after
noon, and rain has been falling continu
ously since. Grass and grain are spring
ing up rapidly and wheat prospects were
never better. ";* \ \ , \
Ventura Receives a Wetting.
VENTURA, Cal., Jan. 27.— Three inches
of rain has fallen here since 7 o'clock this
morning. The Southern Pacific track at
Saticoy was covered with water so trains
could not cross it. It is raining very hard
to-night, and much damage is likely to
result.
Furioxis Downpour at Blocksburg.
BLOCKSBURG, Cal., Jan. 27.—
worst storm of the season has just visited
this section. A southeast gale drove a
furious downpour of rain before it, the
rainfall for the storm being 18.25 inches.
The mercury is at 50 degrees above zero.
Salinas River Booming.
SAN MIGUEL, Cal., Jan. 27.— 1t is
raining in torrents; 1.91 inches of water
has fallen in the past twenty four hours.
The Cholame and Parkfield" stages were
unable to make their -trips. Salinas River
is booming.
CHAMPIONS OF SUFFRAGE.
At the Annual Congress All
the Officers Were Re
elected.
Sarah B. Cooper of this City Se
lected as an Auditor of the
Association.
WASHINGTON, D.-C, Jan. 27.— The
Woman Suffragists re-elected the follow
ing officers' for the ensuing year: Honor
ary president, Elizabeth Cady Stanton,
New York City; president, Susan B. An
thony, Rochester, N. V.; vice-president
at-large, Rev. Anna H. Shaw, Phila
delphia; corresponding secretary, Ra
chael Foster Avery, Philadelphia; re
cording secretary, Alice Stone Blackwell,
Boston, Mass. ; treasurer, Harriet Taylor
Upton, Warren, O. ; chairman committee
on organization, Carrie Catt, New York
City. ;7y- . .
As under the constitution auditors of
the National association must be changed
every year, Miss Loury Clay of Kentucky
and Miss Sarah B. Cooper of San Francisco
were elected to those positions.
To-day's sessions were devoted to re
ports of various committees and memorial
addresses. During the afternoon the mem
bers, upon . the invitation of Mrs. John R.
McLean, attended a reception, where they
were presented to Mrs. Julia Dent Grant.
To-night the new star to the woman
suffrage Hag, the State of Utah, was the
most important feature, and a cordial
welcome was extended the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from that
State. : - ■ -, ' ' -
YET FAST ON THE SANDS.
Crew and Cargo Being Taken
From the Stranded Steamer
St. Paul.
During the High Tide of a Full Moon
Another Effort Will Be Made
to Save the Ship.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Jan. 27. — One
half of the crew of the stranded steamship
St. Paul were taken off this morning and
shipped to New York, where they will
go on board . the steamer St. Louis, the
sister ship of the St. Paul, which is to take
the latter's place on Wednesday. Captain
Jamison and two of his highest officers
were left behind.
All day the work of ; moving the cargo
was kept up, and by to-morrow morning it
is expected will all be taken off and be on
its way to New York.
No attempt was made to-day to haul off
the stranded ship on account of the ex
tremely low tides, caused by the westerly
winds. The wind must be from the east
before the ship can be floated. The moon
will be at its full on Wednesday, and on
that night the tide will be I unusually high.
The davits and movable tackle, weighing
hundreds of tons, were transferred to
lighters and tugs to-day in order to lighten
the ship. ' '.'■ '"-'pTy
Failxire of a Big Factory.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Jan. Christian
Abele has been appointed "■ receiver for the
Consolidated Wall Paper Company on the
application: of H. : G. Craig & Co., credi
tors. The factory; is at Mamaroneck, N.
Y. The liabilities are estimated at $90,000.
The available assets ; are only about $3000
in book accounts;
Modjeska's Company Disbanded.
'; CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 27—Modjes
ka'-* company disbanded and returned to
New York to-night. All of her engage
ments have been canceled for a month at
least.
SANTA CRUZ'S
BIG LAND SUIT
Defendants in the Soquel
Rancho Litigation
Demur.
FIGHTING FOR HOMES.
Scores of Land-Holders Whose
Title to Property Has Been
Questioned.
FIVE TOWNS ARE INCLUDED.
Heirs of Don Castro Seek to Recover
the Vast Tracts Formerly
in His Domain.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 25.— de
fendants in the big land suit which covers
all the property on the Soquel rancho
and Soquel augmentation have begun to
take action. One hundred of the many
land-owners interested have filed a de
murrer, declaring the court has no juris
diction of their persons nor of the subject
of the action, and that the plaintiff has no
legal capacity to sue; that the complaint
does not contain sufficient facts; that the
alleged cause of action in the complaint is
barred by the provisions of sections 319
and 343 of the Code of Civil Procedure of
California; that it is not alleged whether
any person is interested in the estate of
the deceased, or was or was not in the
possession of the real estate, or whether
this action was commenced for the pur
pose of enabling the plaintiff to take the
charge and management, and of entering
upon and preserving from damage, waste
or injury, the real estate in the complaint
described. And, finally, the defendants
say that it is not alleged whether or not
the decedent, Martini Castro Depeaux, left
a child or any other heir.
This suit has become known since the
complaint was filed some six weeks ago as
the Soquel augmentation suit,* or, locally,
the big land suit of Santa Cruz County.
It is brought by Mrs. Elizabeth Peck, the
executrix, and the heirs of Martina Castro
Depeaux, the widow of Don Rafael Castro,
who. after his death, had married Mrs. De
peaux. She had sold large tracts to F. A.
Hibn & Co., and this firm sold in turn
to the present holders. The heirs claim
the titles of the latter are defective.
Many of the two hundred defendants have
declined to join those who filed the demur
rer, claiming that they had not been prop
erly served, and they take no judicial no
tice of a suit having been brought. Others
say that if their deeds, which they obtained
through the P. A. Hihn Company and
other original purchasers from Don Castro
are not good, they are ready to surrender
title. 7T7/T77T77:/7 '/77T77
Besides the defendants named in the com
plaint there are some 200 or 300 owners of
lands that were originally of the Castro
estate, but they obtained their deeds di
rectly from Don Castro in his lifetime.
The plaintiff has acted on the theory that
if a deed from the original owner were
necessary in ■ their case.-, it would be also
necessary to the title of the defendants.
The lands embrace a section of country
from the Santa Cruz Mountains to the
sea, some fifteen miles broad, including
the towns of Highland, Soquel, Capitola,
Aptos, San Andreas and some of the finest
farms and orchards in the county, on
many of them handsome residences and
fine homes having been built. 7^
Plaintiffs in this suit claim that Martina
Castro Depeaux was not mentally sound,
having been for some time in an insane
asylum, and that she was incompetent to
give deeds to the property in question.
The land was originally a grant from the
NEW TO-DAY.
PANTS ]
For 3 days For 3 days j
m "-■ -— ■ -j f .,,.,...■. „— ■ ■ -.
In looking around for We've done it — bought I
something out of the or- ' cm ' The whole 2 000 I
dinary to start the season r *.; ■••■:". _' , „*-"" ,°|
■'■-.■ ■-■''' ■ . v sell 'em. We've chucked I
with something: that -em iv our window-that I
' s - 'em in our window — that
would wake the people is, about 500 of 'em: See I
up and set them to buy- . what they are before you
ing at once, we came come in.
across a big stock of Bull breeches, guaran- |
teed never to rip, $1.35. p
Pants that had to be sold All Wool pin heads
quick. Just the thing. and hair line stripes,
Only one drawback — had t. ah' fir 1™ ■■-':>*■ z
7 .7 ■ All-Wool Cheviots and
Ito buy whole stock or Cassimeres, $3.00. \
I none. 2000 pairs. Great All Wool Worsteds, I j
Caesar ! Would enough $4-°°- tat ' t  , _
■•"-.; _ - ■••.- B Don't stop to think, or 2
lof San Francisco come you're lost. These prices I
I out in the rain to buy good only till Thursday I
that many ? night. |
H. ROMAN H. ROMAN
& CO., &co., I
Cor. Fifth anil Market Sts. -•--• m a *--* Met s,s I
I^Mail Orders for these posted before 8 o'clock Thursday night will be filled. |
Mexican Government, and Don Rafael
Castro was in those days counted the ricn*
est man along the coast. His widow roar*
ried again and survived her second hus
band, and when she died left heirs, of
whom Mrs. Peck, the executrix of the es
tate, is one.
' . The action at law continues to be a topic
of general interest, though many believe
that none of the titles to the land can be
distributed. The filing of the demurrer is
evidence of notice taken by the nearly 150
defendants, who join in it, that Mrs. Eliza
beth Peck and the Castro estate, as it is
commonly termed, have at least come into
court, but they believe that whatever
rights maybe claimed have not been prop
erly set forth. The many hundreds of
owners of lands who have lived so long
in their homes undisturbed loot upon the
action as a hardship, even though their
titles shall be found eood in law, for the
legal proceedings will cause them consid
erable expense and annoyance. It is quite
probable that, in case the plaintiffs shall es
tablish their claim, the present owners will
retain their homes, even though it must
be done by a repurchase of the property.
MAY SUCCEED RUNYON.
Potter Palmer Mentioned as an Actfrt
Candidate for the Embassadorship
to Germany.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 27.— A morning
paper prints the following: Potter Palmer
may be the Embassador to Germany to
succeed the late Theodore Runyo>n, who
died Sunday.
It is said that an active movement in
Mr. Palmer's favor has been started among
influential Chicago politicians, among
whom the name of W. K. Carlisle is men
tioned as being particularly interested,
but the latter maintained a frigid reserve
when called upon last evening.
Potter Palmer is one of the most dis
tinctively Chicago men in the city and his
career during his forty years' residence
here has been not unlike that of the city
itself. Starting in a small dry
goods store on Lake street forty
years ago he soon built up
a business which had the largest retail
trade enjoyed by any house, not in Chicago
alone, but of the entire AVest. He is prob
ably as well known as any man in the city,
and his successful business record is one of
the most remarkable in the West.:. ;.:
ROYALTY SENDS CONDOLEINCES,
Emperor and Empress Remember Mrs,
Rxtnyon in Her Sorrow.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 27.— The Em
peror and Empress have sent their condo
lences to Mrs. Runyon to-day. The room
in which the body of the Embassador lies
contains a large number of wreaths sent by
friends. All receptions in the American
colony have been postponed.
The Rev. Mr. Dickie will officiate at tb*
services that will be held at the Runyon
residence to-morrow, at which only mem
bers of the family will be present. At
the services which will be held at the
Episcopal church Thursday the Rev. Mr.
Dickie and the Rev. Mr. Frye will officiate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— 1t is
said at the State Department that no re
quest has been made by Mrs. Runyon for
a war-vessel to convey the remains of her
deceased husband to America. Should
such a request be made and granted, con
siderable time must elapse before it can be
carried out.
The three United States vessels attached
to the European station are all in Turkish
waters and it would be several weeks be
fore they could reach a German port for
the purpose of receiving the Embassador's
remains. One of the vessels of Admiral
Bunce's squadron, now at Fort Monroe,
Virginia, might be assigned to the duty,
but this also would cause great delay.
King Menelek's Terms.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 27.— Govern
ment has received information that King
Menelefc addressed a letter to General
Barateri stating the terms of peace. The
Abyssinian monarch demands that the
Italians shall withdraw to Massowah,
Keren and Asmara, abandoning; all the
territory now occupied by them and re
nounce the protectorate of Italy over any
Abyssinian territory. "- .
Fatal Explosions in a Mine.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. Explosions
occurred in two coal pits at Pontypridd,
Wales, this morning. It is believed that
forty-three men have been killed. Ilia
pits are on fire and the shafts destroyed.
An Absconder Caught.
LONDON, Etc., Jan. 27.— Chronicle
will to-morrow say that Fritz Widemann,
the lawyer who absconded from Berlin
leaving debts amounting to over a million
dollars, has been arrested in New Orleans.
34
BALLS FERRY'S
DEADLY FEUD.
Escapade of a Young Girl
Caused the Killing
of Lansdale.
SLAIN BY THE FATHER.
Miss Josie Wright Had Left Her
Home to Live With the
Rancher.
HE RESENTED AN INQUIRY.
Attempted to Fire Upon the Parent,
bat the Movement Was
Anticipated.
REDDING, Cai*, Jan. Later reports
give an entirely different coloring to the
shooting of I. B. Lansdale, near Balls
Ferry, on Saturday, and the motive of the
killing brings forth a rather dramatic
story.
Miss Josie Wright, a daughter of George
M. Wright, was visiting at the home of
her sister. Mrs. George Martin, who lives
on Battle Creek and about ten niiies east
from the place where I. B. Lansdale re
sided. On Friday night, between the
hours of 11 and 2, Miss Wright disappeared
from the home of her sister and nothing
was known of her whereabouts. It was
believed by her relatives that she had gone
to Lansdale's, and George Martin went to
the Lansdale home in search of her. He
was informed she had grown tired of home
and had gone to Redding.
George Martin and George M. Wright
were at Balls ferry Saturday morning, and
were returning down the road when they
saw Lansdale and George Riggins coming
in a light wagon. They were at the barn
of the Kanynenburg ranch and there
awaited the approach of Lansdale. When
Lansdale drove near, Wright stepped out,
put up his hand and asked Lansdale to
stop, having told those who were at the
barn that he would find out for himself
where Josie was.
Lansdale halted his horses and told Rig
gins, w ho was in the wagon with him, to
jump out, a the same time reaching for
his pistol. Wright, who had a Winchester
rifle and was watching for a treacherous
move, immediately opened fire. The team
started to run, and in crossing a small
hole in the road the body of Lansdale was
thrown out.
Riggins, who had jumped from the
wagon, stepped behind a tree and begged
of Wright not to shoot him. He was told
that he had done nothing and would not
be harmed. He then ran after and caught
the team, and drove away at a furious
pace.
On examination of Lansdale's body by
Coroner Joseph H. Earnest and Dr. F. P.
Mitchell it was found that it had been
pierced by five balls. One struck squarely
on the forehead; another in the breast on
the left side, also breaking the left arm; a
third pierced Lansdale's left side; another
broke the right arm at the elbow and the
fifth passed through the right leg, break
ing it. The Coroner's jury returned a ver
dict that he came to his death by gunshot
wounds, inflicted by George M. Wright.
Wright was brought to town this after
noon by City Marshal Eckles and was
lodged in the County Jail. He refuses to
talk about the affair, under the advice of
his counsel. He is a man of about 60 years
of age, stout and well built End bears a
good reputation throughout this county.
He is a resident of Tehama County at
present, but once lived in the neighbor
hood of Shingletown, this county.
Miss Josie has been seen at the residence
of Lansdale and was very much -agitated,
stating that she desired to return home.
She was at Lansdale's all the time after
leaving her sister's. ' .;./;■ rA/TT/i-.
LOS ANGELES RECEIVER.
Atlantic and Pacific Affairs Are
Placed in Charge of C.
W. Smith.
Presumably the First Move Toward a
Separation From the Santa
Fe System.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
case of the Mercantile Trust Company vs.
the Atlantic and Pacific Company, in the
United States Circuit Conn, came up be
fore Judge Ross this morning. The resig
nations of Aldace F. Walker and John J.
McCook, as receivers of the railroad com
pany, were accepted and ordered filed and
the accounts referred to a special master
for him to report upon. ■('. W. Smith was
appointed receiver, with a bond placed at
$30,000, the appointment to go into effect
on February 1. 4,4; .
The action of the court was largely of a
formal character, the resignation of the
receivers and appointment of Mr. Smith
having practically taken: place some time
ago. As the Atlantic and Pacific Com
pany has wide and varied interests within
the boundaries of this State, however, it
was necessary that the le"eal procedure be
followed. The appointment of C. W.
Smith was no surprise, as it has been indi
cated for some time.
At he Santa Fe offices nothing could be
learned as to the significance of the mat
ter. One railroad man who has kept
watch on the situation since the reorgani
zation of the system stated that the ap
pointment of the receiver was a corrobora
tion of the report emanating from Chi
cago that the Atlantic and Pacific was to
be separated from the Santa Fe system ac
cording to the proposed scheme of dis
memberment. It is known that Receiver
Smith is favorably indorsed by the new
officers of the Santa Fe. and that he would
be in unison, as far as traffic arrangements
are concerned, with the Santa Fe in case of
a dismemberment of the system. The
same gentleman said that the retirement
of the'o'd receivers was in line with the
proposed scheme of separation, and that
was the only way the reorganizes saw to
make the system a profitable one.
CLAIMS HE WAS LIBELED.
Government Attorney 1 , iris Sties the Los
> Angeles; Herald. ' .
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— Frank
D. Lewis, Government attorney for the
Mission Indians, to-day t filed a suit for
libel against the Herald of this city, ask
ing damages in the sum of $50,000. The
suit is based upon certain publications
made by the Herald as to the conduct of
the case of Rogerio Rocha, one of the
Mission Indians, who has a title to certain
lands in the San Fernando Valley.
Lewis obtained from his client Rocha a
quitclaim deed to the land in 1892. This
fact the Herald printed in connection with
a history of Rocna's case, tending to show
that he had been cruelly ejected from land
be had held for fifty years in actual pos
session. Lewis claims that he took the
deed from Rocha merely to protect him
and to prevent him from being imposed
upon by schemers who might get the In
dian drunk and secure a deed from him.
The managers of the Herald assert that
the publication was made without malice,
but merely to assist officials in securing
for Rocha his rights. They claim that
Rocha, who is now 90 years of age, is
dying in poverty in Soledad Canyon. If
he has any title to the lands in question it
is worth several million dollars.
HIS JAILOR A PHYSICIAN.
A Seattle Invalid Held Captive in a
Doctor's Office.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27— Michael
Reynolds had a peculiar experience yester
day.. Reynolds is an invalid and a new
arrival from Seattle. He was meet on
Spring street by a stranger, who engaged
him in conversation. He finally persuaded
Reynolds to go with him to visit a Dr.
Campbell, whom the stranger highly re
commended. He. said that the doctor
would diagnose Reynolds' case and explain
his treatment, and then, if he agreed to
accept the doctor's services all right;
otherwise there would be no charges.
Dr. Campbell got Reynolds in his office
and after talking to "him for an hour
Reynolds concluded not to take the treat
ment and started away. The doctor de
tained him and demanded a $5 fee. Rey
nolds declined to pay and the doctor told
him he could not leave until' he paid the
fee. 7 V - ."-
Reynolds was not intimidated, being a
powerful man. The doctor went away and
locking the door held Reynolds a prisoner
for two hours. Finally the stranger got
desperate and breaking" a pane of glass he
stuck his head out of the window and
yelled "Murder!" In a short time a crowd
was attracted and the man released. He
went at. once to the police station, where
he lodged a complaint. Dr. Campbell will
be prosecuted. The affair created a big
sensation.
ARRESTED IN CHURCH.
A Convert Apprehended Upon a Charge
of Assatilt to Murder,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— Joseph
Williams was telling a large congregation
how he had been saved, spiritually, at the
African M. C. Church Sunday night, when
Detective Bosqui stepped up to him and
informed him that he was under arrest for
assaulting Laura Crisby with intent to
commit murder. Williams' colored wife,
who is an eloquent divine, had just con
cluded a sermon, and her husband had
started to talk. The arrest by the detective
created a panic in the church as soon as it
became noised about what the proceeding
meant, and there was a break for the
door. Several children and three of the
female members of the congregation were
crushed, but not seriously injured.
About three months ago Williams as
saulted Laura Crisby, a negro girl, with a
knife and cut her badly. He then opened
a window and threw her out, her body
striking the pavement twenty feet below,
breaking both legs and otherwise injuring
her. He escaped and fled to Texas. Re
cently he returned to this city as an evan
gelist. :z4 ■■'_■.
VISALIA-TULARE RAILWAY.
Novel Proposition Made by the
Promoters of the
Line.
Agree to Take the Two Towns in as
Partners Without the Pay.
ment of Money.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 27.— The Visalia
and Tulare Railroad Company make a de
cidedly novel proposition to the towns of
Tulare and Visalia to-day. It proposed to
take the towns in as partners iv the rail
way-building enterprise, without the pay
ment of money, but with a chance to real
ize considerable profit should business be
tween the two cities assume reasonable
proportions.
At a meeting of the stockholders a reso
lution was passed declaring that "the
Visalia and Tulare Railroad Company will
apportion in January of each year the an
nual net profits as follows: One-half of
said net profit shall be used to liquidate
the indebtedness -of the railroad, and one
half shall be used to extend the line of the
railroad to some suitable point in the
mountains nearest to 'Visalia, where a
popular summer resort can be established,
until the entire indebtedness of the rail
road company is liquidated and the pro
posed extension is fully built and equipped.
•'Should the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley Railroad not build to Visalia
men the money herein arranged to be
spent in building the mountain extension
may be used to construct a line to some
desirable and available point on the line
of that road, postponing the mountain ex
tension until the connection with the
Valley road is completed; and no part of
the net profit shall be paid In dividends
until the extension is completed and the
intebtednesa of tbe Visalia and Tulare
Railroad Company is liquidated. Before
the said extension or extensions is com
pleted all the net profits shall be used to
build the extension or extensions to the
point or points decided upon, and
thereafter one-half of the net profits
earned by the Visalia' and Tulare
Railroad and extension .or extensions
shall be apportioned annually to the stock
holders ol the Visalia and Tulare Railroad
Company, and one-quarter of the said net
prohts shall be given annually to the city
of Visalia and one-quarter of the net
profits shall be given annually to the city
of Tulare, and the money representing the
net profit shall be delivered as aforesaid
during the month of January of each year,
and said moneys shall be used by said
cities id paying the municipal expenses,
thereby reducing the cost of taxation in
said cities."
The resolution provides for the appoint
ment of three trustees by the. cities of Vi
salia and Tulare and two by the railroad
company, none of whom shall be stock
holders in the road, who shall have au
thority to examine ,the books of the com
pany and attend meetings of the board of
directors and see that the business is
properly conducted and * the earnings
fairly divided.
COLUSA JUNCTION ACCIOENT.
Rev. Father Wallruth Thrown From a
Handcar and Injured.
COLUSA,' Cal., Jan. 27.— Rev. Father
M. Wallrath, while going from Williams
to Maxwell on a handcar with a section
hand as attendant yesterday, met with a
serious accident. > The- wheel of tho car
came off, and the occupants were hurled
through the air, landing j upon the rails in
the mud and rain. Father Wallrath was
.unconscious when; carried :to the nearest
house, and the carman's ' forehead^was cut
and he was hurt internally. : Father Wall
rath has a bad injury on his side, and he
is cut and bruised. 4 The accident occurred
a mile below Colusa Junction.
Geyserville' s "Help Yourself" Club.
GEYSERVILLE, Cal., Jan. 27.-A
meeting has been called for Saturday at 2
o'clock for the purpose of organizing a
"Help Yourself" Club. The object of the
organization will be the improvement of
the district.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, v JANUARY 2s, ISCC.
ROMANTIC SUIT
A SAN JOSE
Miss Boyne Fails to Get
Back an Engagement
Ring.
PAWNED BY HER FIANCE
The Diamond Will Remain the
Property of the Present
Holder.
JUDGE LORIGAN'S DECISION.
Judgment Rendered for the Defendant,
With' the Privilege of 
Foreclosure.
SAN JOSE, Ual., Jan. 27— Judge Lori
gan to-day rendered judgment for the de
fendant for $173 15, with the privilege of
foreclosure, in the suit brought .by Jose
phine L, Boyer against George Letcher to
recover a diamond ring valued at $500.
The ring was a betrothal pledge presented
by John Patterson to Miss Boyer, and he
subsequently borrowed it from Miss Boyer
and pledged it to Letcher for a loan of
$100 and as security for $123 15 previous '.
indebtedness.
Miss Boyer claimed the ring was pledged
only as security for the $100 loan. She
had paid $50 of the amount," but when she
tendered the other $50 Letcher refused to
give up the ring. She at once commenced 1
suit to recover it. v-v t. A/;
Letcher filed a cross-corn plaint, alleged
an indebtedness of $173 15 still due him,
and for which he was given judgment to
day. A stay of twenty days was granted.
MRS. SIG GS' ACTION.
Sues to Compel Her Husband to Provide
For Her Maintenance.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. Elizabeth
Briggs to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against J. C. Briggs. to compel the
payment of $250 per month. for.the main
tenance of herself and child and to restrain
the defendant from (incumbering or selling
community property in Tulare County,
valued at $50,000. The property' consists
of 200 acres of land and produces a yearly
income of $10,000.
The Briggs were married in November,
1881, and have one child, 13 years of age.
For the past three years they have lived
apart, he in Tulare County and she with
her daughter in this city. Until a year ago
Briggs had vis'ted her occasionally, re
maining for several days at a time and
during that time he contributed a small
amount of money for the support of her
self and child. During the past year
Brings has not visited his wife and child
and has failed to provide for them.
Mrs. Briggs owns a house and lot in
this city valued at $5000, which is subject
to a mortgage of $3400. .She believes that
her husband wishes to sell or incumber
the community property and leave her
and her daughter unprovided for, and
therefore asks for an order preventing him
from making any disposition of the prop
erty.' Attorney's fees of $700 and $300 costs,
in case an appeal is taken, are also asked
for.
ACCEPT HALES OFFER.
Construction of the San Jose-Saratoga
Line Is Now Assured.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 27.— At a special
meeting of the Beard of Trade and Com
mon Council Committee for the promo
tion of the Saratoga Railway project to
night, L. M. Hale, who is at the head of
the enterprise, stated that his associates
and himself had agreed to construct the
road if $3000 in excess of the $34,000 at
present subscribed was pledged. The
committee expressed confidence that this
amount could be raised.within thirty days.
Mr. Hale then stated that he would
apply to the Board of Supervisors for a
franchise for the road, based upon the
condition that this amount should .be
raised by the time the franchise was
--ranted. This proposition was welcomelv
received by the committee.
Many of . the committeemen pledged
themselves to secure subscriptions rang
ing from $200 to $500, or pay the same out
of their own pockets in case of failure. In
this manner $1750 was pledged within a
few minutes. . A large number of blanks,
asking for subscriptions of* $10 each, will
be sent out to small property-owners who
cannot bejpersonally seen by the soliciting
committee. The feeling among the com
mitteemen was that the construction qf
the long-desired railway between this city
and Saratoga, through the richest part of
the valley, was now assured. .
MRS. KNAPP'S GIFT HOLDS.
Relatives Cannot Recover Property the
Aged Woman Deeded Away.
SaN JOSE,' CAI.. Dec. 27.— Judge Lori
gan this morning denied a motion for a
new trial of the proceedings instituted by
Louis Mahlke and Alfred Jones to have
their aunt, Hermina Knapp, declared in
competent.
At the death of Christian' Freyschlag, a
brother, a couple of years ago Mrs. Knapp
came into the possession of about $80,000
worth of property. Mrs. Knapp, who is
nearly 80 years of age, at once deeded the
property to John Harold Frevschlag, a
nephew, reserving only $1000 for herself
and the promise of a home the rest of her
life. This displeased her relatives, and
Jones and Mahlke began proceedings to
have her declared incompetent and a
guardian appointed to look after her in
terests. ; y/A z-.'p.fA ./sp a
At the trial of the case Judge Lorigan
decided that Mrs. Knapp was sane and
perfectly capable to look after herself.
SHIRLEY ARRAIGNED.
Date Set for the Examination of the Al
leged Perjurer.
■ SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. Eugene
Shirley, who was arrested in Oakland yes
terday and brought to this city to answer
to a charge of perjury alleged to have been
committed during the Pyle-Piercy $50,000
breach of promise suit, was arraigned be
fore Justice Dwyerth'a. morning. Shir
ley's examination was set for February 3.
He was released on $2500 bonds.
:At the trial Shirley swore to a statement
compromising Miss Pyle. Investigation
tended to move that his testimony, was
false, and Miss ' Pyle . swore -to a perjury
complaint. Shirley was arrested on a sim
ilar charge at the time of the trial, but it
was dismissed on account of a defect.
MURRAY TO GO FREE.
Relatives Will Pay Back the Sum He
Secured From a Los Gatos Bank.
SAN -JOSE," Cal., Jan. 27.— all proba
bility Theodore K. Murray, who ..was
brought back from Visalia . by Sheriff Lyn
don last evening to answer to a 7 charge of
obtaining $500 from the Bank of Los Gatos
on a worthless check, will be released", as
the bank has decided not to press the case.
About six months ago Murray cashed at
the Los Gatos Bank a check for $500 drawn
on a Visalia bank, and when the check was
sent to the latter institution it was re
turned with the statement that j Murray
had not sufficient funds to his credit to
meet it. A warrant was issued charging
Murray with obtaining money under false
pretenses, but before it could be served he
was arrested for an alleged embezzlement
at Sacramento. While the trial on the
embezzlement charge was going on Mur
ray became insane and was committed to
Stockton Insane Asylum. He was : re
leased from the asylum a short time ago.
Murray's relatives are well to do, and it
is said they will settle his peculations.
SUING' HER MOTHER.
Ellen Sheehan's Fight for Property Com-
xnenced in Court. '.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 27.— The | suit of
Ellen Sheeban against Margaret Sullivan,
her mother, and others was commenced
before Judge Reynolds to-day. The suit is
brought to have a deed to $60,000 worth of
property, given by plaintiff's father to her
mother, declared to be a deed in trust, and
to have the property divided so that Ellen
may obtain her share. •■4P:4'ApA/Ap
EARTHQUAKE AT CARSOS.
Buildings Shaken by a Scries of Shocks
Occurring at Intervals.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 27.— There was con
siderable of a shakeup in this city to-day
by reason of several very well-defined
earthquake shocks and several minor
temblors. p7i / 7:
The first heavy shock was about 8:30
o'clock in the morning, and it was quick
and lively. It rattled the glass and china
in everybody's cupboard, made the win
dows shake and got several lazy people
out of bed. The nex t was about 11 o'clock
aud was also quite sharp. At 1 o'clock
came the heaviest of all, and it shook every
building in the city. The Capitol building
was particularly well shaken, and inside
of a minute there was a rush to. the base
ment of the building to see the record of
the seismograph. It had been deflected
about an eighth of an inch by each shock
and had also recorded small shocks all
through the day." '...
The Signal Service records showed a very
unsettled barometer. Rapia changes oc
curred and their suddenness was un equaled
by anything recorded since last July.
These shocks were all graded as No. 3,
Rosi' force scale. There were two others
during the day that graded 1 and 2 respect
ively. The first was north and south, the
second east and west and the last three
southwest and northeast. They were
principally vertical.
The jar at 1 o'clock made a large crack
in the side of the Government building
and shook some of the plaster from the
ceilinc of the county building. 3
BRYAN TALKS AT PHOENIX
The Orator Points Out the Disas
trous Effects of a Gold
Standard.
Congratulates Arizona on Its Mar
tyrdom to the Cause of Free
Silver.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 27.-Hon. W. J.
Bryan, ex-Congressman from Nebraska
and editor of the Omaha World-Herald,
during the course of one of his famous
free-silver addresses delivered here to
night, made a hit which won the indorse
ment and praise of the politicians of the
city, irrespective of party. The address
was made in the large City Hall, which
was filled to the last available inch a full
hour before the advertised time.
During the course of his speech, which
lasted .two hours, Bryan complimented
Phcenix, and referring to the reported de
termination of Eastern politicians to keep
Arizona a Territory because of her posi
tion on the silver question congratulated
the people tbat their persecution was for
righteousness' sake rather than for any
sin they had committed.
He explained the interest which the
agricultural States had in bimetallism,
and pointed out the disastrous effects of a
gold standard. He quoted Sherman,
Blame and Carlisle to prove that the capi
talists gained a pecuniary advantage from
the scarcity of money, which made.it dear.
With logic and with sarcasm he de
nounced the conspiracy of the bond
holding class to force a gold standard
national bank currency upon the people
by repeated issues of bonds. He said that
only the folly of the friends of silver could
prevent success in 1896.
The most tumultuous applause greeted
the speaker, when, after quoting Carlisle's
famous denunciation in 1878 of the con
spiracy to destroy silver, he declared that
under no circumstances would he become
such a conspirator.
He appealed to the peonle of the Terri
tory not to be satisfied with the coinage of
American silver, but to stand with the
agriculturists for the free and unlimited
coinage of gold and silver at a ratio of 16
to 1, without waiting for the aid or. consent
of any other nation on earth.
Every point he made was greeted with
the loudest applause, and so great was the
interest awakened that after hi 3 address
men gathered on the street corners to dis
cuss it. ..."
THE NEWS OF STANFORD.
■■■'■,-
Narrow Escape of Four "Co-Eds"
in the Wreck at
Baden.
Students to Render "Said Pasha" on
the Campus— Club
Meets.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
27.— A number of Stanford students were
aboard the train wrecked near Baden last
evening, and though none were injured
several were severely shaken up. Among
the students were four "co-eds." Some one
rah through the train, shouting 1 that an
other train was approaching from the
rear. The terrified girls, in company with
many other passengers, rushed from the
cars and were soon struggling in the water.
It is remarked by many eye-witnesses that
the wonder is no one was drowned. Many
of the students scarcely felt 'the* jar, so
they affirm, while others say that it was
, quite severe.
'_ An operatic - perforraanca of .**. Said
Pasha is being arranged by the students
| here. It will be given some time in April,
and is to be one of the most extensive and
elaborate affairs of :i its kind "• ever . con
ducted under the auspices of college stu
dents. Over 100 students, ladies and gen
tlemen, will take part. Rehearsals > are
taking place frequently and their number
will be increased as. the semester pro
fresses. Whether their, performance will
c given in San Francisco or not is a ques
tion. Last year very flattering offers were
received for one exhibition of ; "Pinafore"
by the students in San Francisco, but the
university authorities opposed the scheme
and "Pinafore" was rendered on the cam
pus only.
The Stanford Boxing Club held* its first
meeting Friday night. * The organization
has a number of enthusiastic members and
the , prospects are; for a successful.- club
here. A skilled : instructor . has • been ob
tained and meetings are to take ; place
weekly. $Bi!§s&___§o&7 ■'■'
MARE ISLAND
MARINE NEWS
Last Week's Rains Put a
Damper on Outdoor
Operations.
WORK NOW UNDER WAY.
Hopes That Congress Will Make
■a- an Appropriation for a
New Dock.
THE OLD AND NEW MONADNOCK
Naval Officers Praise "The Call" for
the Interest It Takes in
Marine Matters.
■ VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 27.— inclem
ency of the weather for the past week has
retarded much of the outdoor work about
the yard and has caused many of the
workmen to remain on this side of the
river. .
The last coat of paint having been put
on the hulls of the Ranger and tug Satur
day they were taken out of the stone dock.
The Unadilla is now about ready for
duty and will soon be making regular
weekly trips to and from San Francisco.
The work of stripping the Baltimore will
soon be commenced preparatory to her go
ing out of commission, and a large force of
men will at once be put on her to recom
mission the cruiser as quickly as possible.
All are unanimous in their praises of the
seagoing qualities exhibited by the "iron
box," as she is called, during the recent
gale experienced in the homeward-bound
cruise. •''7:'yT'T-7
The Adams has left the yard and is now
lying off San Francisco engaged in recruit
ing men. As soon as complete the ship
will leave for Honolulu to relieve the Ben
nington. [•/-.. l
Monday it is expected the Albatross will
leave the City for San Diego, to remain the
rest of the winter.
Much regret is expressed over the un
fortunate accident to Andrew Barr, one of
the riggers engaged in hoisting the guns
on board the Monadnock, by which the
man is maimed for life. The workmen at
yard as well as the officers will contribute
quite a sum of money to the family of the
injured man.
Work is being rapidly closed up on the
monitor and in another two weeks she will
be cleared of many of the unsightly look
ing objects now to be seen strewn about
the deck, though all are more or less in
: use by the mechanics. ". .7..-;/;
Many words of praise are heard on every
band to-day over the interesting and
graphic story of the old and new Monad
nock as "found in the columns of The Call,
which has a warm place in the hearts of
the officers and attaches at the yard on
account of the space so often given to the
naval station on the Pacific Coast. The
returned officers and men of the Balti
more say that The Call is the first paper
looked for when the mail is distributed to
the fleet in foreign waters, as they are cer
tain to find the latest naval news of inter
est to tbem concerning the doings on this
coast.
Work of all character at the yard seems
to be slacking up throughout the various
departments. '/ , p
Hopes are entertained by the officials
and all others concerned that Congress
will make an appropriation for a new
dock, action on which is now pending at
the seat of National government. Al
though money has been appropriated for
widening the entrance to tbe stone dry
dock orders are awaited from Washington
to commence operations. This work will
not be undertaken until such time as it is
found that the services of the dock will
not be required for a length of time, as
during a portion of the work the yard will
be in a crippled condition so far as dock
age of vessels is concerned. 7y7'7;
It seems to be a well-grounded fact that
the monitor Comanche will not be hauled
out in the stream as-soon as expected, but
that stores will be put on board and a suf
ficient number of men detailed to her in
conjunction with a complement of officers
and that she will steam down to San Fran
cisco Bay and there lie for a time to serve
as a recruiting station. The monitor has
not been in commission for years, and it is
probable that the department desires to
quell any possible fears for the interests of
the bay city by having her lie abreast of
the same. ""7;;:. 7
Assistant Naval Constructor J. D. Beuret
has reported at the yard as assistant to
Constructor J. W. Baxter.
Recent news from the Olympia states
that those on board are in the enjoyment
of health.
Captain George W. Sumner, U. S. N.,
who is spoken of as the probable com
mander of the monitor Monadnock, was
on the coast many years ago. In 1864 be
served on the Massasoit as executive officer
in the North Atlantic squadron under
Rear-Admiral David D. Porter.
I The tug Unadilla is lying near the ferry
gate this afternoon with steam up in case
her services should be required along the
water front, as there is a heavy wind
blowing. 7*.
Work on the Hartford seems to be pro
gressing, and if money enough is only ap
propriated bhe will be ready for duty within
a year and a half. It is reported that her
engines -nay be built at San • Francisco,
though this is hardly deemed probable with
tbe facilities at the yard for constructing
the same.
Thomas M. Groves, for many years mes
senger in the general storekeeper's office at
the yard, is confined to his home in Vallejo
with .-sickness,' the result of .wounds re
ceived while serving on the Cumberland
during the memorable engagement of the
Monitor and Merrimac.
" As soon as the Baltimore goes out of
commission most of her men will bo cither
sent East for discharge or receive the same
here, as they may elect. "-" • "
STRIFE AT FRESNO.
Spiritualists Refuse to Permit Dr. Annie
Wilder to Lecture in Their Hall. ■..-.-'•
':-. FRESNO, Cal.., Jan. 27.— Spiritualistic
circles here are in the throes of fractional
strife over the refusal of the trustees of a
local society to > permit Dr. Annie Wilder
to lecture in Edgerly Hall Sunday evening.
This woman ? is known throughout Cali
fornia as a medium, lecturer and street
speaker. She 7 holds _a :; diploma from a
Kansas City Medical College arid a license
to preach "spiritualistic truth." She has
been here three weeks and lectured several
times * under the auspices of the local
society. • .
7 Dr. Wilder had 'an appointment for Sun
day evening at the usual time and place,
but she was informed by one of the
trustees that she could no longer speak in
the hall. She was indignant and de
manded the reason for the peremptory
notice. The trustee answered that they
were not satisfied with her credentials.
The lady pronounces it a conspiracy to
ruin her business here.
The action of the trustees has gone the
rounds of the membership, and many
of the members announce their determi
nation to stand by Dr. Wilder.
A split in the society is almost inevitable
over the matter. Dr. Wilder spoke on the
street in front of the hall and defied tbe
conspirators to close her mouth or drive
her out of town.
SANTA ROSA'S PROTEST.
Wage- Earners Raise Their Voice Against
the Funding Bill. ,'"• >; ''-
SANTA ROSA,' Cal., Jan. 27.— a
meeting of the Santa Rosa Industrial
Union the following resolution was unani
mously adopted :
Whereas, the present session of Congress has
under consideration a bill to extend the time
of payment of the debts of the Union tt.id
Central Pacific railways for a term of fifty
years or more ; and whereas, the loan consti
tuting said debts was procured through collu
sion and fraud upon the part of the heads of
these corporations and our National legislators ;
and whereas, the proposed funding "bill recog
nizes that theft and places the people at the
mercy of the thieves tor two generations to
come; and whereas, our Government having
given millions to Huntington, Stanford, Crocker
et al. proposes in this measure to make the
gift perpetual to their legatees; and whereas,
the welfare of the people and the dignity of
our Government demand that' steps be taken
to secure the payment of these debts when
due, therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the Industrial Labor Union
of Santa Rosa, in the name and on behalf of
the wage-earners of this city, most earnestly
petition our representatives in Congress to use
all honorable means within their power to de
feat said proposed funding bill.
The secretary of the union was directed
to send a copy of the resolution to Mayor
Sutro, the San Francisco papers and the
California members of Congresss.
INSANITY HIS DEFENSE
William Christ's Trial for Wife
Murder Commenced at
Sacramento.
Since His Arrest the Prisoner Has
Given Evidence of Totter
ing Reason.
SACRAMENTO, ' Cal., Jan. 27.— The
trial of William Christ for the murder of
his wife was commenced before Judge
Hinkson of the Superior Court this morn
ing, and the entire day was consumed in
procuring nine jurymen. The case has
excited great interest in this city, and the
courtroom was so crowded that it was im
possible for those who came late to obtain
even standing room, dozens of people
standing for hours listening to the repeti
tion of questions put to the talesmen under
examination.
There is no doubt that the defense will
introduce the theory of insanity, and there
is less doubt that there are strong grounds
to believe that the prisoner is actually in
sane. The case is one of peculiar interest,
and there are many features which serve
to make it one of the most notable coming
to trial in this county for years.
On the evening of October 14, 1895. Mrs.
Christ was killed by a bullet from a pistol
in the hands of her husband. Her death
was instantaneous. Christ contends that
the shooting was accidental. At the time
of his arrest he stated that he was placing
the revolver on a shelf in the room when
it fell to the floor and was accidentally dis
charged, the bullet entering the unfortu
nate woman's head.
At the autopsy it was shown that the
bullet ranged downward in its course,
which was contradictory to the statement
of Christ that the pistol was discharged
from the floor. Christ - has steadfastly
maintained that his first version of the
tragedy was correct, but the prosecution
in the case declare its impossibility.
At the Coroner's inquest it was devel
oped that a jealous woman having found
some writings in her husbond's pocket
from Mrs. Christ took them to Christ on
the day the woman was killed, and
as Christ almost worshiped his wife,
devoted his every spare hour to
her, even begged for work from barbers
in various « portions of the city when tem
porarily unemployed that he might pro
cure means to add to her enjoym* nt, it
is reasonable to believe that the sudden
discovery of her seeming unfaithfulness
turned his not too strong mental balance
and led to murder.
Since the night of his wife's death,
Christ has manifested the utmost indiffer
ence to all his surroundings, and gives
every evidence of being mentally weak.
AFFRAY OF MONGOLS.
Lee Nong Shot by a Fellow- Country
With Whom He Roomed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27. — A
Chinaman named Lee Nong was shot and
mortally wounded by a fellow-countryman
early this morning. ,- -*
The two Chinamen were rooming to
gether. Lee retired late last night, locking
the door. The murderer came to the door
at 5 o'clock this morning and demanded
admittance. ' '" . ?**•.>-..-.
Lee refused for some time, but at last
opened the door, when he received .a bullet
from the. revolver of his enraged friend.
The bullet struck Lee just above the left
ear, penetrating the brain. He cannot
live. •■■. ■pyyyy-^ ..pAp- ..,,-...
SAD TRAGEDY AT TRAVER.
Floyd Armstrong . Kills Himself
With a Pistol He Thought
Was Empty.
Holds the Weapon to His Temple and
Pulls the Trigger to Frighten
His Wife. . .
TRAVER, Cal., Jan. 27.- While some
what intoxicated Floyd L. Armstrong shot
and instantly killed himself at 12 o'clock
last night. The shooting was accidental,
as Armstrong had snapped the pistol he
carried several times at himself and others,
and supposed that the chambers were
empty. ** " . '
* Armstrong had been carousing around
town for several hours and at 11 o'clock
started for home. His wife met him a short
distance from the house and tbey walked
to within a few rods of the gate. Here
again he drew his pistol t held it to his
temple and pulled the trigger, presumably
to scare his wife. But this time the fatal
bullet was discharged,
. . Armstrong fell face forward, never utter
ing n word, and when his wife stooped
over he breathed his last. The Coroner
held an inquest to-day and the jury
brought in a verdict of accidental death.
Spokane Wants Cubans Recognised.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 27.-A mass
meeting in the interest of Cuban patriots
was held -this evening at the Courthouse.
The large ; room was not large enough to
hold those who wished to attend. Speeches
were made jby Attornev-GeneraJ Jones,
Judge Mcßride, Rabbi Farber and Rev.
Allen Whaley (colored). *; Resolutions were
adopted asking Congress to recognize the
belligerency of the Cubans. '•■.*.
PORTLAND CONSUL
UNDER ARREST
Tyson of France Struck
by a San Francisco
Woman.
HIS EYE IN MOURNING
The Aged Frenchman Afterward
Taken Into Custody by
an Officer. •
PROTESTS ARE OF NO AVAIL.
He Is Accused of Embezzling Funds
Placed in His Control by
Mrs. Loyez.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 27.— H. F. Tyson,
the French Consul here, was this after
noon visited in his office by Mrs. Louise
Loyez of San Francisco, who, after a short
parley, struck him in the face with her
umbrella, effectually draping his eye.
Mrs. Loyez formerly lived here, and
before taking up her residence at the bay
left some property in the custody of Con
sul Tyson, to be disposed of for cash.
After writing him several times for a re
mittance of the proceeds of its sale and
receiving no answer she came up here
herself yesterday.
Consul Tyson informed tho excitable
woman that he had turned over the money
she claimed to certain bondsmen of hers
in a civil suit. At this she became in
furiated and assaulted him.
The Consul caused her arrest for assault
and battery and she informed against him
for larceny by embezzlement. When an
officer read the warrant to the Consul he
indignantly gave up himself, saying:
"Do you know that I am a representa
tive of France and that my person is in
violate against the process of any Amer
ican court?"
"I don't care what you represent," re
plied Constable "William Connor. "You
are in America now and amenable to the
country's laws. You are an old man, and
I dont want to drag you through the
streets like a criminal. If you'll promise
to appear in court within a half hour I'll
parole you."
Consul Tyson, realizing that he had
taken an untenable position, made ana
kept the exacted promise. His examina
tion will occur to-morrow.
MRS. RYAN DIVORCED.
Secures a Decree of. Separation .From Her
Hostler Husband.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 27.— Judge Shat
tuck has rendered a decision in the cele
brated divorce suit of Elizabeth Irving-
Ryan against A. G. Ryan, granting a de
cree on the ground of cruelty and gross
drunkenness. -.- — '*--. - ;
Mrs. Irving-Ryan is about 70 years of
age, and is worth over half a million dol
lars, while her husband was formerly a
hostler. Mrs. Ryan left her husband at
the instigation of her children, to whom
she could not bequeath her property as
long as Ryan lived.
Enters Fresno Newspaperdom.
FRESNO, Cal.. Jan. 27.— A syndicate of
Democrats, headed by ex-Senator George
Goucher, has issued the first number of
the Fresno Watchman, a weekly news
paper. The object of the publication seems
to be to infuse new life and activity in the
local Democracy, the official heads of tbat
party having retired from the courthouse
in January, 1895.
• An eminent Austrian physician declares
that rheumatism can be cured by a plen
tiful diet of ripe fruit.
DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
JU j IJ ,
n •"■ V
fll-# it -
/0?/Wb. §§
if
Did you awake with excruciating paint
in your head and face ?
Yes, doctor.
Have you been exposed to drafts and
colds? . . .•,'.•'*•
Yes, doctor.
Your appetite has been poor for some
time?
Yes, doctor.
Has your stomach rebelled against food?
; 7i. 7 p- ■'-<, Yes, doctor.
Have you been feeling dull and heavy
for some time?
Yes, doctor.
Have you taken much exercise before
your present sickness?
No, doctor.
Your trouble is Neuralgia or the nerves
crying for nourishment. Your organs of
digestion are inactive, your food is undi-
gested, and the nerves derive little or no
nourishment. You need a combination of
herbs— mineral drugs— that will stimu-
late your digestive organs and promote
assimilation ; then your nerves will derive
proper nourishment and you will becured.
Continue the hot applications on the face
and head. Use a coarse towel— bound
around the face. I will write a prescrip-
tion.
• ' For Mrs. — — -
: JOY'S VEGETABLE :
; SARSAPARILLA -
I ''7a// (one bottle) :
; Use two (2) teaspoonfuls three (3) :
: times a day. When bowels are regular *
: use one teaspoonful. '.
: Dr. _. \
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTOBI#_:T-A*
V '»■*• and Notary Public, 638 Market at., opp*
Bite Palace Hotel. Residence. 1620 Fell __ Tela,
phone 670. Residence telephone, "Pint _st_.»IT IS NOT YET
A WHITEWASH
Dissolution of the Brown
Investigating Com
• mittee.
TAILED TO TAKE ACTION
It Declared Itself to Be Without
Any Power in the
Matter.
REFERRED TO THE CHURCH.
A Suggestion Made That the Matter
Be Taken Before an Ecclesias
tical Council.
The conduct of the Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown,
pastor of the First Congregational Church,
is not to be investigated by the joint com
mittee of the Bay Association and the First
Church. Such is the decision arrived at by
the joint committee last night at the sug
gestion of Dr. Brown, despite the fact that
tbe two separate committees comprising
the joint committee were appointed about
two weeks ago, one at the suggestion of
Dr. Brown and the other by him, for the
express purpose of speedily and thor
oughly investigating the charges first made
public by Mrs. Mary Abbott Davidson,
now awaiting trial on the charge of having
extorted $500 from the First Church's pas
tor.
When Dr. Brown made his first utter
ance regarding the charges against him at
the prayer-meeting on the evening of
Wednesday, January 16, he said :
"I have asked the Bay Association,
which has not the same ministerial mem
bership as the Bay Conference, to appoint
a committee whose character will be above
suspicion to canvass the evidence and to
do that in connection with the standing
committee of this church, and to make a
report to the public, which they will be
asked to accept till the close of tbis cas? in
court.
•This I have done without the slightest
hint from anyone that there was a demand
for it from any member of this church.
Some words have been reported to me that
some one had said something ought to be
done. No one has approached me with
any demand that there shall be an investi
gation. I understand the temper of my
people, and I know that these reports are
untrue and an injustice to you.
"I know what my rights are in the case,
and shall proceed in this matter on the
full limits of my rights, as 1 do now in
placing the matter in the hands of the
standing committee appointed when no
passions had been aroused in the church —
in asking thai they shall take charge of
the documents and statements that affect
my reputation, and give forth to the com
munity such a statement as they may
deem proper to make public, withholding
such portions as might be improperly
used."
The session of the joint investigating
committee held last night was its third,
the two former having been devoted to
prolonged "informal" and '-general" dis
cussions. And as a result of these delibe
rations, covering an aggregate period of
nine hours, the members came to the con
clusion that it had no authority to "either
convict or acquit, or even to investigate,"
and then determined to dissolve, which it
did, after voting to refer the whole matter
back to the First Church to-morrow night
at the conclusion of the regular prayer
meeting.
At last night's three hours' session there
were present: Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean, Rev.
Dr. G. W. Mooar, Rev. Dr. W. D. Williams,
Rev. Dr. W. C. Pond and Rev. Dr. H. H.
Wykoff. representing the Bay Association ;
Deacons D. Gilbert Dexter, J. J. Vascon
cellos, S. H. Hatch, A. J. Dewing, J. H.
Barnard, J. F. Merrill, T. H. Frank, D.
W. Folger, George A. Westgate and W.
Christiansen of the standing committee.
It was the first and last meeting attended
by Dr. Pond and Dr. Wykoff, and the at
tendance exceeded that of any preceding
session.
The first arrival at the church, aside
from Sexton Pike, was Detective Seymour.
He had been requested to be present by
Dr. Brown to give his testimony in case
the programme that the accused minister
had arranged was broken. He came fully
prepared to testify as he had done on the
preliminary examination, carrying a bun
dle of documentary evidence under his
arm. He came promptly at 7 o'clock, the
time stated by Dr. Brown.
After he had been allowed to keep warm
in the hallway leading from the Mason
street side entrance to the church for near
ly an hour by gently stamping bis feet,
swaying his form and swinging his arms
as best he could with his burden of testi
mony to look after, Valentine, the son of
the gentleman under investigation, poked
his head into the hallway from the outer
darkness and, having made a rapid survey
of the situation, which included the sight
of the patient detective, disappeared.
Shortly afterward Sexton Pike emerged
from the doorway leading into the prayer
meeting room and invited Detective Sey
mour into the prayer-meeting room, tak
ing the precaution to lock the door and
thus presumably prevent any possible at
tempt of the reporters to organize and
carry on a select prayer-meeting of their
own in the prayer apartment.
After the meeting that was in session in
the pastor's office on the floor above had
dissolved, it was admitted that Pastor
Brown had been in the building, but it
was positively stated that he was not pres
ent during the meeting of the joint com
mittee, and it was impossible to ascertain
from any of the committee whether a se
cret conference was in progress between
Dr. Brown and Detective Seymour on the
lower floor of the church while the com
mission was in session on the floor above.
According to the statement of Secretary
Barnard of the joint committee, its action
was prompted by a suggestion made by
the Bay Association committee, which in
turn had, at a conference held yesterday
afternoon with Dr. Brown, been guided in
its action by the wishes ' of the pastor of
the First Church.
The report which the joint committee
decided to make public is as follows:
The committee having carefully canvassed
the whole subject has come to the unanimous
conclusion that it is unwise to enter upon any
extended investigation, as is expressed in the
following statement: .
This joint committee, consisting of the
standing committee of the First Congrega
tional Church and a special committee of tne
Bay Association of Congregational Ministers,
submits to the public the following statement
bearing on the case of Rev. C. O. Brown, D.D.,
against whom serious charges are current in
the community:
The committee of the association desires to
be understood that it is not intrusted with any
authority under the usages or according to the
principles of the Congregational church to
either convict or acquit or even to investigate.
This is the function of the local church,
agisted at its own request by an ecclesiastical
council.
The standing committee of the church,
while it recognizes the fact that it is its duty
to take the initiative in this as in all matters
of church discipline, vet asks the attention
and careful consideration of the public to' the
Jo, lowing facts., and the committee -of the
association indorses most earnestly this re
quest:
First— are . possible contingencies in
the processes of the Superior Court in ■. which
our brother will be virtually arraigned as
well as the defendant, and in view of which he
is forbidden by the evident necessities of
the case and by the imperative interdicts
of his counsel from making public those
statements which he confidently believes
would remove the suspicions now existing,
and we deem it inadvisable for him to make
ai»y statements to us in private which he is
uot allowed to make in public.
Second— We have found our brother eager to
■welcome and to assist in the most thorough
investigation of his conduct; and as soon as
the impediments now existing are removed by
the conclusion of the h-gal trial he has. assured
us that he will ask the church to institute this
investigation, assisted by an ecclesiastical
council duly convened.
Third— Th"at in view of these things we pro
pose for ourselves, and we ask of all others, a
suspension of judgment in the ease of Dr.
Brown, and we hereby express our confidence
in his integrity.
Rev. Dr. J. X". McLean, chairman of the com
mittee, hits been authorized to submit this re
port to such members of the Kirst Congrega
tional Church as are present at the praytr
meeting Wednesday night.
This- action of the joint committee places
the whole matter before the members of the
church, and they have the right to vote
and either accept or reject the report of
the investigating committee, and to decide
upon what further action shall be taken in
t lie premises. Wednesday night's prayer
meeting, therefore, will have unusual in
terest.
"A CANTING SCOUNDREL."
A Rather Pointed and Comical Faroe at
GroYer's Alcazar.
The Grovers have made a hit with iI A
Canting Scoundrel."
This peculiar play that seems to be with
out an author and which at the same time
has so much local color drew a packed
house, and at the conclusion, as well as
between the acts, created no end of com
ment regarding its purpose and evident
meaning.
As the piot goes Mr. Andrew Nixon, a
nervous and excitable gentleman, played
by Francis Powers, exhibits himself as a
righteous and respectable financial pro
moter who leans heavily on the shoulder
of the church and reels off sections from
psalms and the catechism. He begins his
Christian work by "financing" George
and Helen Woodleigh out of something
like $20,000, which is but mere exercise for
him : something in the nature of a pastime
or like occupation, so to speak. The next
play he makes is to fall upon one Osmond
Allen, a retired theatrical man, and loot,
him of $40,000 for stock in what Mr.
Nixon's stepson calls the Anti-Alcoholic
Mineral Water Company, that has a Mrs.
Davidson for its Eastern representative
and one Dr. Brown for a director.
Mr. Nixon, while on «i reforming expedi
tion along in the second act of the day, is
suddenly exposed by his stepson, Mor
timer Snow, who discovers his picture in
the Police Gazette in connection with a
story about his getting tossed out of a
resort by a strong and big-jointed woman
upon whose cheek he had attempted to
administer an Alameda kiss. Strangely
enougn, the picture in the sporting paper
looks like him, and in the course of
events the entire cast of characters, in
cluding Mrs. Nixon, knew the scandal
and the ''Canting Scoundrel" is frequently
cut off in the middle of a Biblical quota
tion to be reminded of an escapade at some
beer joint. He sees that so far as he is im
mediately concerned he has got to
prepare an effective defense or go down in
a sea of gossip and suspicion. He attempts
to do this by figuring on the possibility of
the gentleman at the resort being some
one else who looks like him. "If there
only was somebody who resembles me,"
he said, "then I could avert the impending
calamity.''
The evidence, however, is too convinc
ing and his misfortunes are increased by
another wife, who rises out of the past and
pounces upon him, whereupon he takes
a steamer for Honolulu and leaves his
reputation behind him. Previous to de
parting, however, he is forced by Osmond
Allen to restore the WooJlei^hs their
$20,000. which he does reluctantly and
with the dramatic announcement that
Osmond Allen is "blackmailing him out
of his small savings and doing him up
brown.'"
Altogether the play is one of the best
things the Grovers have pot on at the Al
cazar, and, with a few changes, will be one
of the most successful drawing cards at
that theater. There is considerable love
making outside of the regular plot by the
eminent and respectable Mr. Nixon;
and Fannie Young, as Mrs. Nixon,
is one of the best characters on
the boards. George Woodleigb, the
part handled by Clyde Hess is character
istic of the young man who has a poor sis
ter, while May Noble, as the impoverished
relative, makes all that is possible of her
part.
The play suggests a great many local in
cidents, and deals rather pointedly with
that class of men who are Christians for
what there is in it.
THE GIRLS LIKE FRENCH
At Least They Are More Ad
dicted to Learning It
Than Boys.
Progress Marked Last Year by the
Society for the Instruction of
That Polished Language.
Daniel Levy, president of the Alliance
Francaise, expressed regret at the annual
meeting in Union-square Hall last evening
that there was not a larger number pres
ent, as he considered the purpose of the
organization one deserving of attention
and interest of parents.
The Alliance Francaise is a branch of
the parent institution established in
Paris, France, for the purpose of giving
instruction in the French language in the
French colonies and in foreign countries.
Mr. Levy, in presenting his annual re
port, in which he reviewed what had been
done in the past year, stated that at the
beginning of that year the alliance had but
four classes; that, after consultation, the
organization obtained from the Board of
Education permission to open classes in
various school buildings after school
hours, with the understanding that no
fees should be charged the pupils who de
sired to learn the French language. The
organization now has classes in the Wash
ington, Whittier, Hamilton, Denman,
Hearst, Crocker, Horace Mann and the
Le Conte schools, with an aggregate of 322
pupils, of which 46 boys and 69 girls are
French or of French extraction, and 47
boys and 160 girls are not of that na
tionality.
The president stated that the organiza
tion is maintained by voluntary and
monthly contributions, and that "every
head of a family whose child or children
attend any of the classes must , be mem
bers of the organization, contributing
whatever their means will permit. With
the money thus obtained the teachers are
paid. The teachers, he said, are all compe
tent, and the teaching has been satisfac
tory. He also stated that it is a remark
able fact tbat the girls like the study of
the language much more than the boys.
AA, Bousquet, financial secretary, pre
sented his report, which shows that the
money contributed by parents of pupils
did not in the aggregate come within
$510 50 of the amount of the salaries paid
teachers. The deficit was made up from
contributions and the monthly dues of
other members. The association has now
a little over $1100 on hand.',
The meeting adopted a constitution read
by Secretary A. Goustiaux.
D. Levy, A. Bousquet," A. Bozio, E. Raas,
A. Aron.A. Dehayes, J. Michel, E. J. Du
puy, A. Goustiaux, J. Godard and Charles
Marais were elected the executive commit
tee for the ensuing year.
Sturgeon-fishing is unusually good in
the Columbia. River this season; and. some
pretty bit; fishes have been caught in the
fast week or two. . One sturgeon "weighing
425 pounds was caught near tbe town of
The Dalles last week. y:yz:yy; ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,; JANUARY 2«, 1896.
ATHLETES ON THE HACK
The Investigating Committee Is
After Professional
Scalps.
WARM NIGHT AT THE CLUB.
President Eaton Would Be Pleased to
See a Copy of the Amateur
Rules.
The investigation committee of the Pa
cific Amateur Athletic Association, con
sisting of John Elliott of the Olympic
Club, W. Berry of the Reliance Club and
W. F. Humphrey, president of the associa
tion, met last evening at the Olympic Club
to continue the investigations of athletes
who have been charged with professional
ism. 7*77
As The Call representative was on his
way to the meeting-room he met the presi
dent of the Olympic Club, Mr. Eaton, and
held a short interview with that gentle
man on the subject at issue.
Regarding the manner in which the offi
cers of the association conducted business,
this is what Mr. Eaton had to say, and
there was good sound logic in his words:
"We— l mean the Olympic Club—" said
Mr. Eaton, "cannot very well understand
what the Pacific Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation intends we should do in this mat
ter of prize offering. 1 have been told by
some one that the Olympic Club, to re
main a member of this Amateur Athletic
Union of the United States, must abide by
its laws.
•'This, may be all well and good, but
how are the officers of this club going to
regulate athletic matters with a view of
keeping within the laws of the so-called
union when they are ignorant of the
rules?
"I for one do not know positively
whether an athlete should receive a $35 or
a $100 prize in case he proves a successful
competitor in a boxing match or a wrest
ling tournament.
"The officers of this Pacific Association
have been hauling us over the coals from
time to time for doing things that they
contend are contrary to rule; but how are
we to know right from wrong when we
have no rules to guide us? I have fre
quently asked the gentlemen of this Pacific
Association for a book of laws
by which this club can place
itself in a clear light whenever
disputes arise regarding amateur affairs,
etc., but my request has proven futile and
possibly we may have, under the existing
circumstances, transgressed some of the
laws of tbe Amateur Union.
"I hope this thine will be settled quickly
and that this club will understand its posi
tion as regards its standing, athletically
speaking, with the governing powers."
Al Lean, who is an instructor in the
Reliance Club of Oakland, said, in answer
to questions, that he was acquainted with
the amateur rules of ten years ago, but did
not know anything about the rules of the
present day. He confessed that during a
visit of the Butte City football team he
offered Fentress and Williamson a $35
prize, which meant an order for anything
they pleased to that value, if they would
wrestle before the club.
Fentress said to an oificer of the Pacific
Association on leaving the Olympic Club j
at a recent meeting that he was offered a '■
$37 50 trophy to wrestle. In fact he ad
mitted that the prize be wrestled for was
in value more than the amateur associ
ation allowed. yA4 77*
James Lawlor admitted that he had con
tested on two occasions for prizes that
consisted of clothes and medals under the
colors of the Acme Club.
W. Kennedy, the superintendent of the
Olympic Club, when questioned said that
the only member of the Olympic Club ;
baseball team he had given money to was
Cooney, and that the baseball team which
played against professionals was contest
ing as an individual team and not as a
representative of the Olympic Club; that
he had not seen a copy of the rules that
govern amateur athletics, and conse
quently did not know that his Colts were
overstepping the amateur traces.
Frank Smith, the boxer, said that he
was not a representative of a boxing com
bination which demanded a certain
monetary consideration before any of its
members would consent to box at ama
teur entertainments.
Kennedy cross-questioned Smith re
garding prizes, and the latter finally ad
mitted that be would box for a $75 prize if
such an inducement was offered him.
Smith also allowed that he received $40
for training expenses, which is, of course,
contrary to rule.
The result of the investigatitions has so
far proven that very little respect has been
shown amateur ruling on this coast.
hat course the Pacific Association will
take in the matter is only a mere conjec
ture, but it has been hinted that the trans
gressors of the amateur rules will be given
to understand that severe judgment will
be meted out to those who will so far forget
themselvfs in the future as to disobey the
rules of the amateur union. The investi
gations will be resumed on Friday evening
next. .
INTELLECT AND BEAUTY.
These Were Charmingly United
Yesterday at the Philomath
Club.
A Fashionable Audience Attends the
Open Meeting Held in Beethoven
Hall.
The white and gold ornamentation of
Beethoven Hall made a fitting background
for the throng of fair "'■ and fashionably
dressed women that gathered yesterday
afternoon to attend the annual open meet- •
ing of the Philomath Club.
There was perfume of roses in the air
and the rustle of a hundred exquisite toil
ets of silk.
The meeting was opened by the presi
dent, Mrs. I. Lowenberg, who said:
"When the Greeks celebrated their na
tional festivals not only did they have ath
letic games, but music and poetry, and
philosophers discussed their theories and
artists exhibited their productions, and
there existed intellectual sympathy. Noth
ing creates and intensifies the bonds of
intellectual sympathy more than literary
clubs. '• ■■■,-.-,'
"There are as many paths to human de
velopment as there are stars. Everything
must converge to the path of truth and
all literary clubs— especially the Philomath
—should encourage the following of eter
nal truths and be lovers of learning in its
widest sense."
The lady spoke eloquently at some
length and was applauded by "her hearers.
The regular, programme was then ren
dered beginning with a vocal solo, "Sing
On," which was charmingly sung by Mrs.
J. M. Rothchild. The audience at the
conclusion of this" number was demon
strative in its desire for an encore, out the
president announced that owing to tne
limited time of the meeting encores would
have to be dispensed .with. .'..
Mrs. A. L. Lengfield read an • interesting
essay on "Fads,"; in which' she showed
that fads were as ancient as humanity it
self. Tbe : "Greeks *" had* their - Olympic
games. Wo have our horse shows and
other sports which are closely analogous
to the fads of antiquity. Among the ath
letic fads of women croquet was the pio
neer; then followed archery, which gave
place to . tennis, and now . this fad has in
its turn been set aside for the bloomers
and the bicycle.'
The reader mentioned fads' in every
phase of life, showing how all 'influenced
our lives in a greater or less degree, and
that all served as indices to the transient
moods of generations.
Mrs. A. Brown followed with a vocal
solo entitled "The King's Minstrel." The
martial character of the song was strik
ingly interpreted by the performer's rich
voice.
A delightfully entertaining paper was
read by Miss R. Abel on "Child Sketches
From Life," in which she sweetly and
graphically described scenes from the
lives of little men and women with whom
she had come in contact. •
The prof-ramme concluded with an essay
on "The End of the Century Fiction,
read by Miss A. Falkenstein. "The paper
gave evidence of considerable thought.
The reader spoke of modern fiction in a
decidedly optimistic strain, saying that
through all the fiction of this latter end
of the century there runs a stream of noble
purpose that tends to elevate and shadows
forth an era that is soon to obtain a liter
ary perfection hitherto undreamed of.
NEW TROTTING TRACK.
Alameda Horsemen About to Construct
One Near the Mouth of the Estuary
Across the Bay.
A trotting track for trotting races is to
be built near the end of the narrow-gauge
pier at Alameda. This has been rendered
necessary by the fact that the tracks in
San Francisco are controlled by running
horse associations and the trotting-horse
men have been entirely crowded out.
The movement for the new track has
been under way some time. Those most
interested are members of the Alameda
Driving Club. None of the horsemen on
this side of the bay are as yet in on
the scheme, though A. A. Cohen, the vice
president of the Pacific Coast Trotting
horse Breeders' Association, who is also a
member of the Alameda Driving Club, is
one of its most active promoters.
Although ail the arrangements have not
yet been perfected there is no doubt of the
track being built and that soon. When
work is to be commenced has not yet been
announced. Fred Perry, the secretary of
the Pacific Coast Trotting-horse Breeders-
Association, was very enthusiastic about
the proposed new track last night and was
quite sure it would prove a paying invest
ment. *
"The site is very desirable," he said. "It
is so near the mouth of the estuary that
boats could come within a few hundred
feet of it. This would bring, the track
within about twenty minutes of the ferry
and twenty-five minutes of the Palace
Hotel. That's nearer than the Bay Dis
trict track even, and a trip there would be
much pleasanter.
"Thomas H. Williams Jr. of the Califor
nia Jockey Club has offered to let our asso
ciation have the Bay District track for a
meet at any time that would not interfere
with the running races. This is very kind
of him. But the stalls are so full of run
ning horses and the track is kept so busy
by trainers that the trotting men have not
seen their wav to accept the offer advan
tageously yet. /
Mr. Kelly said incidentally that there
would probably be a trotting meet in this
City this spring. Mr. Williams was talk
ins about devoting a fortnight at the Bay
District to the trotters. Nothing is defi
nitely known and no purses have been de
cided upon. The meet will probably come
off late in May or early in June.
SLASHED IN THE NECK
Result of a Dispute in a Saloon on
Sixth Avenue and D
Street.
The Bartender in a Hospital and
Jockey Madison a Fugitive From
Justice.
Blood was drawn in the Richmond
saloon, Sixth avenue and D street, on
Sunday night, and as a result Hugh Mur
phy, the bartender, is in the French Hos
pital and Jasper Madison, a colored
jockey, is a fugitive from justice.
R. B. Milroy, secretary of the Bay Dis
trict Tract, and a number of ; friends, in
cluding Madison, were in the saloon
drinking at his expense. When it came
to settling up about 11 o'clock a dispute
arose between Milroy's friends and the
bartender as to ass gold piece. They de
clared that Milroy had thrown up ass gold
piece over the counter, but the bartender
insisted that it was only a silver dollar.
Milroy's friends got excited and boister
ous, and Murphy stepped from behind the
bar to calm them and explain, when Mad
ison jumped toward him and drew a razor
or knife across the right side of his neck.
The effect was electrical. The crowd
stampeded and Murphy was taken to the
French Hospital. The doctors found that
although the cut was long and deep it was
not fatal.
Policemen Mulcahey and Burkbolder
heard of the affray shortly afterward, but
when they made inquiries they could
learn nothing as there was an apparent
desire on the part of every one to prevent
the facts from being made public. By
dint of perseverance they ascertained that
the bartender had been cut in the neck by
Madison, a colored jockey, and he had
been . taken to ' the hospital. They were
unable to learn his name and on going to
the hospital the physicians declined to
permit them to see him as he required
absolute quiet.
The officers reported the meager infor
mation they had gathered to the Central
police station and Captain Bpillane was
notified to be on the lookout for Madison
as he was believed to have taken refuge
somewhere in his district. He has not yet
been captured. . ■
Madison .has a National reputation as
a jockey and at one time rode the winner
of the Ameiican Derby. If arrested he
will be charged with assault to murder.
y-;: — : — '■.■'♦ » *" » " — —■■■ ■
CHINA INLAND MISSION.
Interesting Address at _*. M. C. A..
Hall by the Rev. John
McCarthy.
The Rev. John McCarthy delivered a
most interesting address on Protestant
missionary woik in China at the Y. M. C. A.
building yesterday afternoon. The Bible
school, which was holding its first after
noon meeting, formed a large proportion
of the appreciative auditory.
The reverend gentleman dwelt at some
length upon i the privations and dangers
endured by the colporteurs of the China
Inland Mission in their endeavors to con
vert the pagan inhabitants of the Middle
Kingdom. Mr. McCarthy is well known,
both in 5 this country and * in '• England, for
his energetic and successful Tabors ■■: in the
foreign missionary field.
More of Clarke's Notes.
The California Title . Insurance - and Trust
Company has commenced suit to foreclose a
mortgage on : some property in the ; Stanford
Heights belonging to Alfred Clarke and ; his
wife, which was | placed as security for four
notes aggregating $19,679 64. The defendants
in the case are Johanna Clarke, Alfred Clarke,
Eli T. Shepard, assignee of . Clarke's creditors,
and the Stanford Heights Land Company.
;, Search is being made,, in the . subter
ranean "rooms of the great .Kremlin of
Moscow for the famous library of Ivan' IV,
surnam«"d "The Terrible." Eight hundred
famous but '. lost manuscripts are ' sup
cosed to be hidden there.
HE NEVER GROWS WEARY
Logan Takes His Third Handicap
Within a Period of Four
Days.
SAM LEAKE WON GALLOPING.
Lucky Dog and Highland Both Let the
Talent Down Hard— A Long De
lay at the Post.
That game old racehorse Logan won out
in the driving rain yesterday, and trudg
ing along perseveringly in the slushy going
annexed another purse for his owneri
making his third consecutive victory within
a period of four days— all handicap events.
The distance yesterday was . a mile, and
Logan shouldered topweight, 114 pounds.
Sam Doggett had the leg up, and he was
an even-money chance in the betting.
There were only three other starters in the
race— Little Cripple, Alvarado and Gratify.
The latter horse, second choice in the bet
ting, led to the far turn, where Doggett
beat the favorite to the front, and steadily
opening up a gap of daylight, passed the
wire an easy winner, three lengths ahead
of Gratify. Logan is a remarkable horse and
the victory was the most popular one of
tbe day, the old fellow having established
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Cixteenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Rainy. Track
Sloppy. Bay District Track, San Francisco, Monday, January 27, 1896.
597. FIBBT
: conditions; purse $300.
Index, i
Index, i Horse, age, weight. St. i,i
685 Catch 'Em, 6 107 1
677 il*venaC, 6 109 8
56S '.'ecksnlff. 5 114 4
679 !Peixotto, 3 95 6
679 Little Pete, 4 101 9
588 Chartreuse I. a ..106 3
588 Belie of Ston'w'l, 4.lo9 7
..' ... sallle Calvert. 4...101! 2
674 ; Tmp. Agrippina, 3. 87 11
PBB i Duke Stevens, 6.. 1141 5
517 Valparaiso, 5 107 10
579 JaaSauer, 4 101 12
1 1
7y 3
6h
9 10
32
61
8h
2 4
10
ii 1/a
12
14
4 2
33
6 2
6 ] A
I*
2 2
10
9
11
12
15 jE. Jones
21/2 IHinrichs
3 I% iH. Bergen
4 1 .McClain
5V a Rhodes
6 3 Cliorn
7 4 Doggett
8 4 R. Narvaez
910 Retdy
10 1 .1. Mozeman
1110 Houillier
12 X Cochran
Jockeys.
4.
5
8
5
30
4
3
10
10
4
30
30
I Betting.
; Op. Cl.
6
13-5
12
9-2
60
6
7-2
40
8
6
100
30
Strangling start. Won easily. Winner,
Flush. Time. l:O4Vi- At post 56 minutes.
stock farm's eh. g., by imp. Midlothian-Little
598.
SECOND RACK— Six furlonga;
Index, i Horse, age, weight. | St.
580 Sam Leake, 3 lioi 4,
(i>67) Pearson, 3 106 5
547 Perhaps, 3 109 1
670 Unity, 3 103 2
578 Don Pio Pico, 3. .106 6
302 ;Mon.tor, 3 103 3
IRulledge, 3 103 7
2 Mi
6 2
12
3 h
61
4 4
7
9 8
8 h
1 h
4 2
B 1
6 3
7
Htr. Fin. Jockeys.
2 3 13 Doggett
3Va 2 iy t Chorn
lh 31 Hhaw
4 4 4 3 Cochran
6 3 6 2 McClain
64 66 Coady
7 7 'H.Martin
Betting.
Op. Cl.
2
7-2
3
2
40
io 6
7-6
3
16-5
7-2
100
30
15
........
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse's b. c, by imp. Darebin-Carrie C. Time,
1 1 16.
»99. THIRD
purse $500.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
Str.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(595) Logan, a. 11
(494) Gratify, 3 9
(577)iAlvararto, 3 9
687 | Little Cripple, 5.. 10
4
1
3
2
4
1 1
3 h
2h
1 2
3 1
4
1 1
2 4
3 2
4
1 3
2 4
3 2
4
1 3 Doggett |
2 3 !W. Klyun
Ho MeClaln
t K. Cochran
1
9-2
4
2
9-10
16-5
9-2
5-2
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Alex Shield's b. h. by Voltigeur-Pert. Time, 1:461,4.
ana FOURTH
DUU. $400.
yardS ;
; penalties; purse,
Index.! Horse, age, weight.
(582) Hidago, 5 10(
561 Kod Glen, 5. 10?
(585) Lucky Dog, 6 112
682 Monita, 5 103
424 lOibit, 4 10!
3
1
' 5
4
I
34
2 iy 2
13
4 1
6
3 4
9 b
1 9
4 6
5
1 h
36
2 2
4 10
6
1 1
22
3 10
46
5
12
2 8
3 50
4 4
6
|J. Chora
Coady
!.T. Walker
IMcClatn
IMdntyre i
11-6 11-6
5-2 13-5
1 1
15 60
100 400
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Good start. Won handily. Winner, B. Schreiber's blk. h., by Hldalgo-Gracloso. Time, l:4BVa-
CAI FIFTH RACE— About six furlonga, selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
(689) Summer Time, 3..
681 Highland, a 1
570 JMt.McGregor 11,8.
498 SeaSlde.s H
'Hacienda, 5 1
1246 Rinfax. a 1
562 Sligo, 6 1
Horse, age, weight.
4
3
1
5
6
7
9
22
32
ft
63
7
51
12
2 3
4 h
6h
7
5 6
1 h
3 4
24
4 SI
6
6
7
Fin. Jockeys. l O p' ttln gi
11 E. Jones 1 5-2
2 1 [Chora 1 7-10
3 15 | Donnelly 6 6
4 10 |E. Cochran 6 40
6 1 i H.Martin 8 60
6 5 IShaw !10 25
7 | Doggett | 9-2 60
Good start. Won handily. Winner, El Priaaero stable's b. f., by Fitzjamcs-Springlike. Tlme,l:l4i/ 2 -
-602. slXTfl
and upward; conditions: purse $300.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
676 Ashland Kcllpse,4 10'
691 |Harry O. 3 9!
684 I Leila S. a 10<
690 'Longd'Or, 5 10!
679 Gpo. Monhert, 6...10!
517 jGeo. Dickenson, a.lOJ
596 Chevalier. 5 101
1117 Currency, 5 101
686 Chinook, 4 11]
605 Triumph, fi 101
Betting.
Op. Cl.
2
6
4
5
7
1
8
10
9
3
••••••••I
■••••■••
• |
2 21/
4 1
34
84
♦ill
lh
i 7 o*
94
6%
12
IP
44
6
5 1
I %
9
10
7
1 iy 2 (horn
2 4 Rowan
35 McClain
4 h Wildemuth
5 i<| Nicholson
63 ,Hinrchs
7 6 Weaver
8 10 iH. Martin
9 6 jJ. Bozeman
10 jcocbran
2
5
6
10
15
4
6
8
15
16
1
16
4
30
SO
5
6
10
20
20
Bad start. Won handily. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g., by Logic-Blue Stockings. Time, 1 :07 1/2-
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at tbe California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
In races where th* bones have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given. v.v: -
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE-About six furlongs; selling.
Best
record.
Name.
Pedigree.
683 Gold Bug.
673 iSchnttz
573 [Realization
673 (Yemen
685 Conde
596 Banjo
•80 Jack Atkins....
601 Card well
583 Oregon Ecliose.
683 Red Will
1:08 V*
1:19
1:07%
1:02
1:02%
1:07%
:49%
1:0034
1:18%
1:01
5% t
6 f
6 f
6% f
%m
6 f
6 f
6 f
F..
H..
F..
J. Hunter
C. F. Sanders. ...
California stable. .
B. Schreiber
F. M. Taylor
Odell stable. i
J. P. Atkin i
W. Earp
J. Robbins I
O. F. Johnson....!
Ptttsbsrjr-Mollie S
jPanique-Illia
I Regent-Sadie
I Alarm-Hira
! Duke Norfolk-May D
Peregrine- Lady Foster
ißegent-Misadie
| Kalhbone-Victoria
I Joe Hooker- Lulu Riggs
!Jim Gore-War Banner
1 .
:..
SECOND
and a half
; inside track.
Index. Name.
(594) Carmel
560 ! John Payne
586 /.anißOZa
584 Robin Hood 1..
680 Ida H
( 90) Elsie
1371 ! Sweet Rose
601 I Billy M'Closkey
1:1814
1:21%
1:1 i%
1:38""
no rec.
1 1:10
6f
61
"t'hi'i'
l'7i'"'i
H..
,H..
be
F. M. Taylor ;
J. T. Clifton i
Rey Alfonso stable . \
N.B.Hall ,
B. Schreiber
C. J. Quinn ;
Burns *Waterhouse;
Pleasant Hill stable;
Owner.
Duke Norfolk-Carmen
Egroont-Top o' the Morning
i Imp. Cheviot-Bessie Hooker
; Forester-Marataua
Ben Ali-riidalga
: Fellowrharm-felsie S
I Flambeau Imp. Fairy Rose
j Joe Hooker- Jessie R
'6%'f"
iii
«".'..
six furlongs', selling.
Index. Nam*.
684 ißed Bird
645 {Bravura
627 |Midlo.
584 IGinger
682 I Modesto
469 Raphael
677 Myron
472 Syndicate
696 I Harry Lewis....
668 iMcFarlane
Best
record.
Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
80 F... E. C. Bachs Red Iron-Fannie Johnson
98 F_. Pueblo stable | Wildidle-Why Sot
88 F... Burns* Waterh'se.lmp.Midlothian-Elec. Light
C. G. Bynum Eolian-Respond
101 Fa. Woodlawn stable. . . Hyder All-Vfsalia
08 H.. E. Powe I Duke of Norfolk- Futurity
91 F... J. Ramsdell i Imp.Midlothian-by Gt.Tom
C.Jones | Jack Brady-Peg Leg
90 F... J. Maddox Versailles-Cousin Kate
89 F... N. S. HalL jimp. Mariner-Moonlight
Pedigree.
i[?Z*
1:11%
1:14**"
1:07
1:08 »^
1:131/4
1:13%
6%*
*6f
♦61
•6f""
5 f
6%f
•si*"
Of
FOURTH
pnrse; non-winners since October US. 1895.
idex. Nam*.
631 Miss Norm*....
684 I.KuilertouLass
596 Gilead
594 Moderoclo
492 Little Bob
698 Flashlight
536 Uncle Giles
583 Red Will
422 Whltestone
682 IkeL
1:16 V*
iff*
1:42
1:01
1:4414
1:22%
• i
/ 1-16 m
Gf
lm
lm
1 m
5f
,1 m
|6Vaf
r...
f!!
f..
F...
F...
I
|F..r
Mokelumne stk f nn ■ Ben dOr-Miss Muggins
Pueblo stable iFullerton-Castaway
Sycamore stable.... j St. Saviour-Mistake
G. B. Morris A C 0 . .! Imp. Sir Modred-Preclosa
Davenport stable.. . ! Surinam- Daisy S
Hope Glen »tk farm surlnam-Luura Winston
Nevada stable ;El Rio Rey-HattteHumphry
O. F. Johnson Jim <;ore- War Banner
White Clarke iMacduff-Bectty Sharp*
Garden City stable. {Major Ban-Miss Flush
Owner.
FIFTH
; three-year-olds.
Index.
Tk.
Pedigree.
563
680
527
"580
380
673
663
677
589
Pollock
Jack Atkins....
Don (iara
Walter J
Clara Johnson..
Miss Ross.
Trappean
\w
1091F...
1041F...
105 1 P.. .
105 jF...
106 P...
96 F. 7.
94 P...
McNaughiondtMuir Imp. Rossi ngton-Marjorie
J. F. Atkin. | Regen t-Misadie
W Earp Rathbone-Mlss Melbourne
F. McDermott Imp. True Brlton-LUlie 8
M. Johnson El Rio Rey-Vaierle
W. R. Griffin. Ipßosslngton-VtrginlaDare
W.D.Randall Imp. Inverness-La Trappe
Burns AWaterhouse Surinam-imp. Paloma
B. Ward Ump.Trueßriton-Blg Bertha
' I'aiomacita.
ir"
A.
SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling: light welter-weights ; inside track.
I Best
cdex. Nam*. Lbs ; record. Din
598 Monitor 104 1:15 *6 f
366 Eckert 119 1:37 7f
685 W. L.Munson.. 1391
698 Don Plo Fico.... 107 1 : 02 Vi 5 f
686 Vernon 1191:09 |5%:
412 Quartarstaff ..,. 125 1 : 15-*- 4 S: ' ■_.
688 Comrade 122 : l:12Vsj»« f
688 BegU... u .t. v . U9ll:3vVil 7*
'6 f
7 f
it"
Lbs Tk.
~91 ¥7.
87 H..
105 i".".
91 F...
101 H..
10« v...
l99\S
California stable....
A. J. Smith
*. Phillips
J. nobbing
Westchester stable.
H. Coombs
C. Bpooner
,ii. JUwyw. ...,..,.,.
Owner.
Sir Modred-Visalia
beau-Mozelle '
gbok- Astoria
looscer-i'ountess Zeika
lattan-Verna
r Tuck-Sis to Ruth Rye
>%f
5%f
Kr
himself a warm favorite with the Califor
nia race-going public.
The association was benefited to the ex
tent of $100 or more in the way of fines by
the opening event of the day. There were
twelve starters in the affair, a five-furlong
dash, and over an hour was consumed at
the pest before the wrathy starter could
drop his flag to anything like a fair start.
When the red bunting finally did fall
Catch 'Em, heavily backed at 6 and 8 to 1,
was away in front and won pulling up.
The bookmakers said there was nothing
but Catch 'Em money in sight during the
betting. • ■ -. *.'•*
The attendance was fair, but the betting
was light. Three favorites, two second
choices and an outsider proved successful
in capturing purses.
Joe Harvey's miniature* merry-go
round continues to oe a strong drawing
card, competing with the real racing lor
public patronage. It is only a question of
time when' the bookmakers will protest
against the running of this illegal game.
The reputation of the get of imp.
Darebin as mudlarks was upheld by the
2to 1 favorite Sim Leake in the second
event, at six furlongs. He ran Perhaps to
a standstill the first > part of the journey,
and, passing him in the stretch, won gal
loping by three lengths, in the fast time of
1 :16. . Pearson also passed the tiring Per
haps, taking the place.
Lucky Dog and J. Walker added age to
the talent in the mile-and-fifty -yard run.
The big brown horse was heavily backed
at even money and after Walker had man
aged to hold his head up until the stretch
was reached he grew weary and let it drop
and the dollars of the anxious multitude
dropped with it. Hidago then won by a
length and a half, driving, from Red Glen,
witn the favorite third.
Bookmaker Barney Sehreiber's High
land, backed from 11 to 10 to 7 to 10, put
another noticeable crimp in the crowd's
bankroll in the fifth race over the short
six-furlong course. The mare was never
able to take the lead, finishing a good sec
ond to the 3 to 1 second choice, Summer
time. -/-;/'. A*
A cheap five-furlong dash concluded the
day's racing. Ashland Eclipse, the even
money favorite, took the lead soon after
the flag fell and won easily, with Harry 0
finishing in the place.
Track and Paddock Items.
Joseph A. 'Murphy, one of the Ingieside
track officials, occupies C. E. Trevathan's
place on the stand at the Bay District
during the latter's absence in the East.
John Mullins, an Eastern horseman,
who owned that famous little horse Badge
during his racing career, was an interested
spectator at the races yesterday.
Jockey Si McCiain was questioned by
the judges in regard to the rather weak
ride he put up on Alvarado. W. B. Sink
Jr., owner of the horse, is also interested
in the Baldwin club, and that concern's
sheet on the race was called for. The
sheet showed that the booking firm had
held the horse out and there was appar
ently no intention at fraud.
SUNDAY COURSING.
Tempest Beat Dashaway in the Final
at Casserly & Kerrigan's Ocean
View Park.
Sunday's storm of rain and wind did not
keep the coursing enthusiasts from their
favorite sport, and several hundred fol
lowers of the leash turned out at both
parks to watch the longtails run.
At Casserly & Kerrigan's Ocean View
Park the running pleased a crowd of
obout 200 people, tbe short-enders running
often enough to keep the audience in good
humor. The hares have not yet become
soft from the green feed and gave the dogs
much trouble to catch them, in many
cases failing to do so.
Following is the result of the rundown :
D. Tweedies* Dublin Stout beat W. J. Shields'
Coalyard; Villa kennel's Maud G beat J. Don
nelly's Defender; J. Dunlea's Evening Star
beat M. Kelly's Fly; D. Burfiend's Trix beat P.
Ryan's Kitty Pease; Villa kennel's Tempest
beat P. Ryan's Magpie; J. O'Shea's Tullermore
beat D. Mulcahy 'a Foxhall; J. Mcßride's
Flashlight beat J. Larkey's Spinawav; D.
Tweedies' White Rustic beat C. Jennings' Red
Rose;H. Hull's Butcher Boy beat W. Trode's
Lucky Dog; J. O'Shea's Firenzibeat W. Trode's
Mission Boy;. J. McDonald's Mayo Boy beat J.
Bradshaw's Ironclad; C. Evans' Dashaway beat
W. Shields' Bowery Boy.
First ties— Maud G beat Dublin Stout, Tricks
beat Evening Star, Tempest beat Tullermore,
Flashlight beat White Rustic, Firenzi beat
Butcher Boy, Dashaway beat Mayo Boy.
Second Tricks beat Maud <', Tempest
beat Flashlight, Dashaway beat Firenzi.
Third ties— Tempest beat Tricks, Dashaway
ran a bye.
Final— Tempest beat Dashaway.
On Sunday next a $1 stake will be run,
the drawing for which will take place at
915 Market street on Thursday evening.
Following are the results of the running
at Newark:
J. Dean's Joy beat Westside kennel's Belle of
Campbell ; Oak Grove kennel's Granuaile beat
A. Merrill's Snowbird; M. Traynor's Valley
Maid beat F. McCabe's Fullerton; Westside
kennel's Cleverness beat J. Corbett's Red
Wagon; A.Merrill's Faster and Faster beat J.
C. Talbot's Lady Blarney; AY. Creamer's Regent
beat J. Perigo's Santa Bella; Alameda kennel's
Alameda beat M. Culligan's Lady Gladness; J.
H. Perlgo's Longfellow beat Oak Grove ken
nel's Eclipse; J. Moflit's Molly Bawn beat T.
Manic Lady 0.X.; G. Smart's Seminole beat
M. Traynor's May Tea Boy; Laurelwood ken
nel's Eldridge beat Alameda Kennel's San
Joaquin ; D. Dillon's Lady Fitzgerald beat P.
Gorman's Kingston; D. Dunlea's Sweeper beat
J. Tracy's Soudan; H. Spring's Bill Nye beat J.
F.Grace's Roll Along; T. McDonald's Lissak
beat P. J. Reilly's Fieetfoot; T. J. Cronin's Re
liance beat J. McCorraack's Rapid ; M. Rodgers'
Sly Boy beat J. Tracy's Gladstone ; T. J. Cronin's
Rosa B beat ('. Smart's Joe Bovers; J. Thomp
son's King Cobb beat Sullivan's Kilkenny
Girl; T. Sullivan's Little Tom beat Westside
kennel's Lady Campbell.
First ties— beat Granuaile, Valley Maid
beat Cleverness, Faster and Faster beat Re
gent, Alameda beat Longfellow, Seminole beat
Molly Bawn, Lady Fitzgerald beat Eldridge,
Bill Nye beat Sweeper. Lissak beat Reliance,
Sly Boy beat Rosa B, Little Tom beat King Cobb.
The stake will be finished on Sunday next.
On Thursday evening next, at 915 Mar
ket street, the first meeting of • a new
coursing club will be held. Officers
and a name ■mil be chosen. The club
will hold a big meeting at Ocean View Park on
Washington's birthday— February _*_. The
club will give a purse in addition to the en
trance fees and the management will also con
tribute $25 to make the first prize a big one
Entrance will be $1 50 for each dog.
NEW TO-DAT. 7 : 7: 7
Special Saving Sale.
Haviland
China
/ £^\ Fine Thin
fo,*~jS . Tea Cups
|r *.£/ and Saucers,
jPjt<Y •_/ beautiful
£ V -A _s~» '••' 4 hand-paint-
fLfi]L r . r f^\\ }.'\ _=•* cc ' decora-
\Pt_f ztfift&Al **% tion » at 25
ilA*-w-**Xfc.l "' cents per
wforw \2^fek_^ fej pair ; also
V%T* ? f*D&3**f s %r' Dessert o r
ff .■r^^P-*** s*'5 *' **-*- Tea Plates to
r I N j\^«*^^--^***** match at •
Im\ |^» **'*' cents
V./.l 1 each. Just
Vf I think of it—
_<_» Haviland
China Tea Cups and Plates at 25
cents. But don't forget that Wed-
nesday nightends it. : 4:7x4.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrove s.
WANQENtIEIM, STERNHEin & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St., -
BELOW MONTGOMERY
ggggggggggggg
Jy-SgC Nor an
fow|P Nor Woman
; ffi j «_fß; Nor
W^r Nor Girl
what may be perfectly
fitted and made thoroughly
content with a •- Waverley
Bicycle."
MEN'S, $85. LADIES', $75.
CATALOGUE t"l**__. *
AGENTS WANTED.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J. 5. CONWELL, Manager,
j 18 and 20 McAllister St., S. P.
Wrights Mian VeptaHe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy, persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, . change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to tba
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. - Price 81 a
i bottle* *-.-". £-'*':-.*
.-.-■•
56
®k* tmA___^^
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE,
• Editor and Proprietor. ' :;' '
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free: ;
J"_*l. and Suaday Cam,, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Eaily and Sunday Ca__, one year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Bally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall..' 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cal-, three months by mall 1.60
Tally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sonday Call, one year, by mail... 1.60
ft _ax_y Call, one year, by mall 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS i
017 Clay Street. 'P:aP:-/AA
"Telephone _f_l_-187_
BRANCH OFFICES: IS
CSO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open uatß
• :E0 o'clock.
3_fi Hayes street; open nntll 9*30 o'clock.
717 Lark's street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■MS ii o'clock. '
£618 Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
lit" Moth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICe
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 and 82, S4 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. _*OI*TZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY JANUARY 28, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. 7^*l
The dry-winter prophet was joking.
The storm center has shifted to Ken
tucky.
Even the weather seems to have it in for
the railroad.
This is a eood time to talk about river
improvements.
Four railway accidents in one week are
too many by four.
One memorial would be best, but three
are better than none.
Defeat the refunding schemes and fore
closure will come of itself. .'
Now is the time to start an umbrella fac
tory for the home market.
The fiesta season has a good chance to
open up with Venetian carnivals.
Utah has taken her seat in the Senate
and begun to make herself at home.
The farmer puts his hand to the plow,
but the rain makes him turn back again.
It is about time for the railroad workers
to get out of politics and attend to busi
ness.
Even bourbon Democracy might get a
move on if Keeley could make his motor
work.
The monopoly * went out of its way to
fight for spoils and finds it must fight for,
its life.
It is now the turn of the King of Abys
linia to stand up and speak his little ulti
matum. BRfpffi
The Weather Bureau should take notice
ihere is a threatening possibility of over
doing the thing.
Huntington had better leave his -fences
in Washington for awhile and look after
his bridges at home. . 4AzA
The Cubans as well as the Spaniards are
to have a new general, and in the game of
war honors are easy.
It would be money in the pocket of the
monopoly to discharge a few lobbyists and
employ more trackwalkers.
There is a growing probability that Ken
tucky may prove a very good sister to •us
on the funding bill proposition.
The Senate will declare for silver and
then the goldbugs will have a chance to
give us some more solemn warnings.
! Bismarck has opened his mouth- long
enough to tell the world it was no hat of
his that the Kaiser has been talking
through.
The rainy evenings will at any rate
serve the purpose of giving a man a chance
to 6tay at home and get acquainted with
his family. ' 'PA
As the war ruffle has inclined Eng land
to talk of an alliance with the United
States, it seems that our prodding must
have tickled her.
There is a promise that the Senate will
get the silver bill out of the way this week
and be able to bring the emergency tariff
to the front again. - 7 7/
The Goebel bill in the Kentucky Legis
lature to repeal the Southern Pacific fran
chise may prove to be the little joker that
will euchre the monopoly.
Congress should do nothing whatever in
regard to the debts of the Pacific railroads
but leave the whole matter to the courts
and let the law take its course.
For the first eighteen days of this month
the deficit in the revenues amounted to
$7,285,306, and still the shortcomings of
Democracy are not fully known.
The consideration of the irrigation law
by the Supreme Court at this time is
hardly seasonable, but it will probably be
bo before the court gets through with it.
According to Senator Hill no New. York
man will have a chance to get the Presi
dential nomination from either party this
year. Cleveland seems to have put a hoo
doo not only on his party," but on- the
whole State.
The announcement that 1 all the Amer
ican prisoners in the Transvaal have been
paroled = except one , emphasizes the . im
portance of protecting that one. There
are some rules to which this country
should allow no exceptions.
It is worth noting the railroad bosses are
not so eager to have the refunding scheme
taken up at once by Congress as they were
a few weeks ago. They have heard the
voice of the people speaking lately and
have learned a lesson from it.
The reported alliance between . Russia
and Turkey may not ; be altogether true,
but the fact that the Sultan kept the Brit
ish Embassador waiting' for an hour in a
cold antechamber before he gave him an
audience is a clear proof that Turkey has
found a backing .somewhere that - isn't
friendly to England.
Injuries to property caused by lightning
are common enough at the East, but here
they are so rare the one at Haywards is
quite a notable event, and the fact that it
occurred in an electric plant raises the'
question whether the artificial generation,
of electricity may not be having some ef
fect in producing electrical disturbances in
the atmosphere.
A TIMELY ARRIVAL.
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles R. Suter,
| who succeeds Colonel Mendell as Govern
j ment engineer for this State, has arrived
| with a storm whose depredations give
l eloquent proof of the need of: his intelli
i gent services. He comes with so hand
j some a record, both as an engineer and a
j soldier, that uncommon, things are cx
i pected of him. He will have, the "ad van
j of Colonel Mendell's work and .inves
j tigations, but more important -than they
i will be the present evidence of his own
i senses with regard to the needs centering
in our waterways.
The rivers making down from the Sierra
east and northeast of San Francisco to the
bay are now raging and threatening.
j These are the Yuba, Feather and Ameri
can rivers, which, besides having an im-
I mense watershed, have suffered a great
] diminution of their parrying capacity and
; are thrown together at the most difficult
i point in the Sacramento Valley for.* re
j straining their turbulence. The San Joa
i quin does not behave in this fashion,
j partly because it has never been subjected
to a filling process and partly because it is
J relieved by numerous great systems of irri
i gation. *
Proper treatment of the Sacramento
River would open it to navigation as well
as abolish the danger of annual overflows.
In neglecting its duty in the premises the
Government is extending a benefit to the
railroad company and injuring the State.
It 13 true that the State has not done its
own part in the matter, but its negligence
is no excuse for that of the Government.
Colonel Suter might turn his attention
also to that part of the San Joaquin River
lying between Stockton and San Pablo
Bay. This tortuous and inadequate chan
nel might be made into one of the most
important highways of comme.ce in the
country by a little widenine and straight
ening through easy ground. If so inviting
an opportunity for developing rich native
resources existed in any State cast of the
Mississippi we may be sure that an appro
priation would be secured from Congress
without delay. It devolves largely upon
the Qovernment's engineers to press the
needs of the sections in which they have
been stationed.
The harbor of San Francisco, the Alviso
Channel and Napa and Petaluma creeks
are eagerly awaiting attention from' Col
onel Suter. Meanwhile our citizens should
bestir themselves and place all these mat
ters before him. Being new in the field he
will the more readily appreciate the
beauties of the State and the possibilities
of its development. He has* come at a
most opportune time, and it is hoped that
nothing showing an appreciation of the
fact will be left undone.
THE SENATE PEOGBAMME;
According to the Senatorial programme
the silver bill will be disposed of this'
week, and it seems a foregone conclusion
that the vote will be favorable to the
measure by a majority of at least eight.
This will dispose of ' the bond bill, for
which the silver bill is a substitute, and the
next measure before the Senate will be the
emergency tariff bill. Public interest in
that measure is much greater than any
felt in the bond bill, and it is to be hoped
that when it is taken up there will be
sufficient support given it to pass it with
out further delay.
The need of a reform of the present tar
iff is indeed urgent. If we cannot have a
protective tariff we should at least have a
tariff that will yield a revenue sufficient
for the needs of the Government, and it is
now certain the present tariff will not do
that. There was, it is true, a small surplus
for the month of December, but during
the present month the Government has
again been running behind. The official
report for the first eighteen daysof Janu
ary shows a deficit of. $7,285,306. This may
possibly be diminished by the receipts oi
the latter part of the month, but it is
more likely to be increased, and . the in
crease will in all probability go on for the
rest of the fiscal year.
These deficits occurring almost every
month are so clearly the cause of the diffi
culty of maintaining the gold reserve that
the country looks to Congress for a reform
of the tariff as speedily as possible. Since
the beginning of the present fiscal year the
deficit has already exceeded $20,000,000 and
barely -six months have passed. At this
rate we shall have a total deficit of about
$40,000,000 to add to the Democratic in
crease of the National debt when the year
closes next June. Certainly this condition
of affairs calls for an immediate remedy,
and since the House of Representees has
so promptly prepared the way by passing,
the emergency tariff the Senate should no
longer delay in acting upon it. ; .V<-.V y :i; :■:.-.
The Democratic members of the Senate
are mainly to - blame for the delay in re
lieving the needs of the treasury by pass
ing the revised tariff bill. Senator Sher
man stated in debate last week that the
Republicans in the Senate were prepared
to vote the relief at once, and the state
ment was not contradicted. The Demo
crats and Populists have combined, how
ever, to block the way. They prefer 7to
run the country into debt rather than to
give to our industries even the slight pro
tection the emergency tariff affords. This
deadlock may be broken by the seating of
the Utah Senators, and if so the country
will immediately profit by the admission
of that State to the Union."
A WISE PBEOATJTIOff.
T A circular has been issued calling a
mass-meeting of the fruit-growers of Santa
Clara at San Jose on the Bth of February.
It is signed by a large number of leading
fruit-growers, and as it recites an ap
proaching condition of affairs which exists
in other parts of the State it is deserving
of wide attention. The meeting is called
for the purpose of devising ways and
means for extending the market of the
fruits produced by the county.
The circular recites the need of earnest
and intelligent . efforts to extend the
market and adds: "In 1895, with a crop
below an average for ; the bearing acreage,
with no foreign competition, * with an
export demand of some magnitude, and
fruit of the best quality ever produced by
us, the supply appeared to be amply suffi
cient to meet the wants of trade and com
merce. It is believed by many, and it is
approximately true, that but. one-half of
the planted acreage is in bearing. It must
be remembered that, the prune crop of
1894 was more than three timet as large as
that of 1 890,* and that that of 1897 or 1898
will be three times that of 1894, or upward
of 10,000,000 pounds."
To an alarmist it might seem .that the
calamity of overproduction stares the fruit
growers of, the Santa Clara Valley in the
face, and if such a danger 'threatens them
it menaces also many other fruit-growers
in the Btate; But the : crop ■; here under
consideration is prunes. The profits of the
industry in Santa Clara County have been
so generous that planting has steadily.pro
ceeded, and the growers are now endeavor
ing to anticipate and make 7 provision
'■ against the causes which " some ." years ' ago
stopped planting in Fresno County!
and orange-planting in the southern part
of the State. •In those two sections pro
duction was so rapidly expanded - and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
accessible area of consumption so suddenly
overstocked that disaster overtook many
growers, particularly jin Fresno County,
and in both sections extension of .planted
areas abruptly ceased.
Santa Clara County has taken warning
from those experiences and proposes to
have a market ready for all the prunes it
can produce. \ This .market must be found
or profits will disappear and stagnation
ensue. ■ If each a- precaution : had been
taken in Fresno its marvelous progress of
a few years ago would have proceeded un
checkedthe Southern Pacific Company
willing. -.*-:
, That a profitable market I can be .found
for all of the rare fruits which California
can ever produce is a matter easily
demonstrable with mathematical pre
cision. Of .course .the fearful burden of
railroad' charges, governed" without re
straint by a powerful monopoly, is a pres
ent stumbling-block, but that '■ is sur
mountable and in time will of necessity
disappear. For that matter such of our
fine products a? are not perishable, as
prunes, raisins, dried apricots, wines, and
some others, have the ocean convenient,
and all that we ne**ed to do to protect those
articles against ruinous extortion is to de
velop the facilities which the Pacific offers.
A factor, therefore, in the extension of a
market is a bettering of transportation
facilities. The orange interests of South-;
crn California were redeemed, from ruin
by the advent of the Santa Fe road. Like
wise the raisin industry of Fresno will be
rehabilitated by the Valley road. All of
the drawbacks which appertain to fruit
culture in California are artificial and re
movable by earnest and united effort. But
the fruit-growers of the Santa Clara Val
ley should bear in mind that in devising
ways and means for extending their
market they must give | just as severe at
tention to the question of transportation
as to that of making known - the merits of
their products. With cheapened trans
portation would come an increase of the
local consuming population.
CONCERNING VESTED RIGHTS.
j The argument of the Southern Pacific
against the passage of the bill before the
Kentucky Legislature revoking the charter
of the company is that such revocation
would be a violation of vested rights. The
whole question of the interference with
the exercise of vested rights is not to be
determined by the mere fact of. their crea
ation and existence— the method of their
exercise is a vital consideration. In vest
ing certain rights in the Southern Pacific
Company the State of Kentucky reserved
certain rights of its own. If these have
been violated by the company it has for
feited the right to insist on its vested rights
in the premises.
* In the first place, the charter was ob
tained by fraud and deceit. That is to say,
it was secured in the name of dummies and
not in those of the real beneficiaries; its
terms did not contemplate the consolida
tion of the interests controlled by the
Southern Pacific people ; an understanding
of its ultimate purpose by the Legislature
of Kentucky would undoubtedly have led
it to deny the franchise as being danger
ous and opposed to public policy, and as
being an encroachment on the rights of
other States; its terms have never been
carried out with regard to the construction
of a railroad through Kentucky and the
maintenance of a general office in the
State. The company secured its vested
rights by fraud and has violated the terms
under which it acquired them.
If it be claimed by the railroad that the
proper tribunal for testing the validity of
the franchise ' would be the courts, a re-;
gard for consistency should compel it to
concede that it is improper for Congress*
,to assume jurisdiction over the Pacific 1
roads funded debt. The cases are very
different, but still sufficiently similar to
cover the one proposition that if the legis
lative branch of government is not the
proper one to interfere in the one case it is
not in the other. Kentucky may have ex
press constitutional power to attack the
charter through its Legislature. It is as
serted that such . authority exists. If so,
that may settle the question with regard
to Kentucky and still leave the argu
ment good that any attempt by Con
gress to interfere in the matter of relieving
the Pacific roads of the obligation which
they assumed and deliberately violated
through fraud is indefensible from the
railroad's own point of view. 7 *
PERSONAL.
. j A. M. Carpenter of Los Angeles is in the City.
O. A. Brown of Olympia arrived here yester
day. . : .-i/Ty-T: ■■: . '■...-
James H. Thornton of San Simeon ls In the
City.* * ■>■■ •;• . ; ; •
R. H. Willey, an attorney of Monterey, is in
the City. • . .
J. Burkman, a business man ot Seattle, is at
the Lick. " ' '7-7.:
J. L. Gill's, the railroad official of Sacramento,
is in town.
Charles F. Irwin, an attorney of Placerville,
is in town. •
William H. Mintzer, Mayor of Long Beach, is
at the Russ. -
R. A. Hume of Spokane was among yester
day's arrivals.
7 The Rev. Samuel Hirst oi Vallejo Is paying a
brief visit here.
- R. C. Cord well, a business man of Los Ange
les, is at the Russ. - '..'.{:: .yy y
Colonel H. Trevelyan, the wealthy vineyard
is of Fresno, is in the City. .'.....'_  _
S. G. Spagnoli, a general merchant of Jack
son, Amador County, is at the Grand.
E. W. Thatcher, a prosperous business man of
Albuquerque, N. Mex., is at the Grand.
W. B. Gilbert of Oregon, United States Circuit
Judge, arrived here yesterday and is at the
Occidental. . ./'-'AAA 7 A/..'
•~ ' "A. W. Whitney, proprietor of a general store
and mining interests at Safiord, Ariz., is among
recent arrivals at the Russ. - ... .
C. M. Doggett, superintendent in Chicago of
the Wclls-Fargo Express Company, arrived
here yesterday. He is at the Grand.
A.D. Remington, the wealthy, paper manu
facturer of Watertown, N. V., formerly owner
of the Evening Post, is at the Palace. . .;
Samuel Jackson, the attorney, of Fresno, who
represents large English interests in the San
Joaquin Valley, ls here on a business trip. -
— William Glllett, an orange-grower of Paler
mo, who formerly was engaged ' in the orange
business at Lake Wear, Fla., ls at the Occi
dental. " ::..;■ .-<^j,
; J. M. Weatherwax, a wealthy business man of
Aberdeen, Wash., is at the Grand. He owns
large timber interests and extensive mills on
the Cbehalls River, and ships large quantities
of lumber to this City. Mr. Weatherwax is also
interested in many other enterprises. ...
Alexander Hall, manager of .. the ■• noted Iron
Mountain mines, Shasta County, some months
since sold for a large sum to New York and
English capitalists, is at the Palace. He has
been building a twelve-mile railroad ■to the
mine? from' the . California and Oregon road,
which is now nearly compl.ted.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
. NEW YORK, N. Y„ Jan. 27.-Jacob Muller
was among the passengers who sailed on the
steamer ale for Bremen. -Among recent ar
rivals are: A. Adelsdorfer, A. Pierce, Hoffman ;
P. C. Hunt, I. L. Requa, Netherlands W. C.
Martin, J. c. Stubbs, Windsor; A. C.Schwein
furth, Hoffman; S. R. Williams, Sturtevant;
G. Rottbad, Holland; ,W. A. Ristenpart, Impe
rial; C. J. Ahlborn, M. Lewis, St. Denis; H.
Ballenhagen, Belvedere; J. Bermingham, Gil-
Bey; J. L. Howard and wife, Holland; E. R.
Mauzy, St. Cloud.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
AIDED RAILROADS. * ..
ME. ESTEE SAYS THE GOVERNMENT HAS A RIGHT TO
FORECLOSE.
To the Editor, of the San Francisco Call—
I think at the present time it would bo in
structive to the peode to understand the legal
status of the railroads of the country w"*-:ch
have received aid from the Government of the
United States. I : therefore venture to quote
from an act of Congress passed March 3, 1887,
ehtitled "An act authorizing an investigation
of the books, accounts and methods of rail
roads which have received aid from the United
States, and for other purposes." .p.p-
This is especially important at this time by
reason of "the other purposes" of the act
mentioned in the enacting clause.
Sections _ and 5 of that act read as follows :
Sec. 4. That whenever In the opinion of the
President it shall be necessary to the protection of
the interests and the preservation of the security
of the United States, in respect of its lien, mort
gage or other interest In any of the property of
any or all of the several companies upon which a
lien, mortgage or other incumbrance paramount to
the right, title or Interest of the United States for
the same property, or any part of the same, may
exist and be then lawfully liable to be enforced,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall, under the
direction of the President, redeem or otherwise
clear off such paramount lien, mortgage or other
Incumbrance, by paying the sums lawfully due in
respect thereof out of the treasury.
. And the United . States shall thereupon become,
and be subrogated to ail .rights and securities
theretofore pertaining to the debt, mortgage, lien
or other incumbrance in ; respect of .which such
payment shall have been made. 7 7. ~ '
It shall be the* duty 'of : the 'Attorney-General,
under the direction of the President, to take. all
such steps and proceedings in the courts and other
wise as shall be needful to redeem such lien, mort
gage or other incumbrance, and to protect and de
fend the rights and interests of the United States
in respect of the matters in this section mentioned,
and to take steps. to foreclose any mortgages or
liens of the United States on any such railroad
property. "/ '.*: '.""/ . ' ' '. V* 7-7 '
Sec. 6. That the sinking funds which are or
may bo held In the treasury for the security of- the
Indebtedness ot either or all of said railroad j com
panies may, in addition to the investments now
authorized by law, be invested in any., bonds of
the United States heretofore issued for the benefit
of either or all of said companies^ or in ' any of the
first-raortgaee bonds of j either of said companies,
which have been issued under the authority of. any
law of the United States and secured by mort
gages on their roads and franchises which, by any
law of the United States 'have been made para
mount to the mortgage,* lien or other security of
the United States, in respect of its advances. to
either of said companies, as provided by law.
It will thus be seen that whenever in the
opinion of the President itis necessary to pro
tect and preserve the security of. the United
States in relation to ■ any lien, mortgage or
other interest the Secretary of the Treasury
shall,' under the direction of the President, re
deem or clear off any paramount mortgage,
lien or other incumbrance by paying the sums
lawfully due tnereon.
"And the United States," says the statute,
"shall thereupon become ami be subrogated to
all rights, and securities theretofore pertain
ing to the debt, mortgage, lien or other In
cumbrance," etc. '
I have ventured to refer to this statute for
the purpose of showing only that full power
now rests in the President of the United States
and in the. Secretary of the Treasury, under
direction of the President, to acquire and con
trol any of the railroads which the Govern
ment has aided in constructing; and to that
end the Government would have -the power to
foreclose its second mortgages, to pay off and
discharge the first mortgages and to practically
purchase and control a continental railroad
from the Pacific Ocean to the Missouri River. I
This matter was fully considered by our com
mittee when the report signed by me was re
cently made. The single point now should be
to oppose and defeat refunding, and then de
mand that the law takes its course. Very re
spectfully. M. M. Estee.
San Francisco, January 27, 1890.
TAMALPAIS AND SAN RAFAEL.
> Deep in the bosom of the hills it lies, round
about it they cast their protecting strength
like mighty bulwarks, - leaving no breach
whereby the insidious fog may penetrate, to
enwrap their cherished nursling in its cloak
of chilling cloud. ~ 4T7;/T.pi-:
As a giant among them all stands Tamalpais,
away to the south, guarding the point where
the cold white breath of ocean would first come
crawling round. Tamalpais, which watches
over the . little town like a brooding spirit,
rugged in outline, ever varying in hue, with
the weird, human countenance, hewn by na
ture's hand, upon its crest, ever gazing, gazing
up into the sky as if lost' in serene contempla
tion of those ineffable mysteries which deepest
searchings ot heart and brain and agonies of
vain desire cannot penetrate.* Severed onlvby
the waters of the bay from the busy center of
Pacific Coast life, he stands unruffled, like a
hoary sire with his children, the little towns
and villages of Marin County, gathered rever
ently about his knees, among them Han Rafael,
the pride, the beauty and the eldest born.
On the eastern side of the valley the hills
fall away and the plainland slopes down to
meet a broad expanse of the beautiful, curv
ing bay, the ground sinking into a wilderness
of reedy marshes along the shore. From the
heights on the north the entire panorama lies
enrolled, the clustering houses round the
courthouse and the scattered dwellings, vari
ous In colors and design, standing cool amid
green trees and a tropical wealth of blossom
and palm. .
As one of the fairest stars in the galaxy of
the Golden State it seems, when viewed from
this position at the hour of a summer sunset.
Tamalpais, bold and clear in outline, stands in
lofty pride against the glowing sky, his base
bathed hi softest violet, his summit crowned
with the rose and gold of the heaven
• y brilliance above.. The nearer * hills,
their steep sides clothed in 'heir mid
summer garment of dry grass-like shaggy
yellow fur, reilect the colors in every clear har
monious shade, fading in the west to the ten
derest neutral tint, and appearing over the far
streak of water and more distant eastern
heights indelicate touches of turquoise and
amethyst. Below the radiant mountain and
his lesser glowing brothers come deep dis
tances of hazy olive green, more darkening
tawny slopes, then the dotted dwelling em
bowered in green, and .the purple bloom of
A NEW STATUE OF GRANT.
[A magnificent equestrian itatue of General D. S. Grant, designed b>j William Ordway
Partridge, it soon to be placed in front of the Union League Club house in Brooklyn,
N. Y. . The above illustration is rep. oduced a drawing made for the Brooklyn
Erg c. j
fragile eucalyptus. Over the nestling town,
where lights already twinkle, night begins to
draw her dark, diaphanous veil. Above, in a
celestial, translucent sea, sails the silver shal
lop of the moon,* and tiny stars float trembling,
so "Shtly hun another quiver it seems will
send them showering down among the flowers
in drops of crystal dew. Ethel Lewis.
THE IITTLE COUNTRY TOWN.
You may talk about your cities -* "
And your big brick buildings tall,
And your elevated railroads i
And your fact'ries great and small :
But the "rural rooster" lines up
When it comes to counting joys,
And the city chap's not In It
With the homespun country boys.
Although we have no railroads
- Our quick transit can't be beat, >
And when we want to travel
Why— get there with both feet;
Our girls don't dress in bloomers,
Nor the boys smoke coflin nails,
And we do all our drinking
Prom a spring that never fails. ,
Yes, we know that life in the cities
Is said to be all joy, V;
And to mingle with the busy world
The hop; of every country boy,
But as years fly swiftly onward
And the sands of life run down,
The heart will turn In longing
To that little country town.
And again you'll see the cottaee "
Nestling there among the trees,
And the tinkling of the cowbells •
Will come floating on the. breeze;
And the sweetheart of your childhood
long been gathered home to God—
And lies sleepin' 'neatb the greensward
| . Where the ox-eyed daisies nod— ■ -
. Will come to you in memory, ' ' •-' '
* As you saw- her years ago, >. ii .. (■
And again you'll hear the music
Of the sweet voice, soft and low: ■ ".'•*• '
■ And as page and page you are scanning, . .
. You'll find a page turned down, •- - ,
Marked : "Some Loving Recollections •
Of a Dear Old Country Town." I
:.y; V— Hazel Green (Ivy.) Herald.
PARAGRAPHS .ABOUT PEOPLE.
A* Greek merchant' named Schilizzi' has
erected- a Greek church in Paris on the Rue
Bizet at a cost of $600,000. ' ; •■■"•■.-' •- ..
Jules Cheret's posters have procured for him
the, commission to decorate one of the com
mittee-rooms of the Paris Hotel de Ville.
| Gilbert Stuart, whose portrait of Washington
made him famous, was 'buried in. a. charity
grave on Boston' Common sixty-six years ago.
A Hungarian scientific expedition under the
lead of M.' E. Szalay.has just left Budapest for
Ceylon, where it will collect zoological and
ethnographical material.
The Duke of York's latest son is soon to be
christened in London, and Queen Victoria will
be present at the ceremony. - It Is said that tho
young bud of royalty will be named St. Felix,
as he was born near the church bearing that
name in Norfolk. ...
A 12-year-old colored boy. preacher named
Ralph Plxley has been conducting revival
services in the district about Farmland, Ind.,
during the past week or two and has attracted
great crowds of listeners and made many con
verts amour the colored people. - -m . .
The most interesting physician of the present
time in Europe is Heir Ast, the shepherd
doctor, who prescribes for thousands of patients
at Radbruch. He diagnoses disease by exam
ining a lock of the patient's hair, and his uni
versal charge for advice is about a quarter of a
dollar. .
Colonel Stoffel," famous for his services at the
French Embassy at Berlin before 1870, and the
real author of the "Viede Caesar," is at work on
Waterloo. He has obtained through the de
scendants of General Foy a diary by that dis
tinguished soldier-politician which is said to
be of some value.
Jules Simon, 82 years old this month, says
that the most exciting moment of his life was
when he was trying to obtain a concession on
tariff from a foreign diplomat with whom Pres
ident Grevy was playing billiards. He whis
pered to Grew to lose the game, but Grevy in
sisted ou playing to win, and relented only
when he observed that the Minister was in an
guish. . 7'Az. y7 AA;-/'
Congressman Miles Crowley of Galveston,
Tex.,, would • furnish » material for a highly
spiced novel. He has been a cowboy, a steve
dore, and finally a lawyer. " According to his
own account, his business at one time was that
of a tramp, and many a ride did he steal on
freight trains in those days. He declares that
he can drink more whisky than any other
member of the House.
Yvette Guilbert subscribed to a press clip
pings bureau when she reached these shores.
She intended to keep a scrapbook of notices
connected with her artistic career in America.
She has not recovered from her amazement at
the energy and persistence of the American
press. The number of clippings she has re
ceived has necessitated the purchase of five
mere scrapbooks, and Y'vette has grown weary
of scissors and mucilage.
WM. W. STORY'S LATEST WORK.
When Mr. William W. Story departed from
this life, with the falling ot the first autumn
leaves at Vallombrosc, he had finished his
work. With the weight of years and mourn
ing and sickness almost was obscured that
natural gayety. that perpetual spring of vital
enjoyment of life, which mad* him such a
charming personality. The recent death of
the loved companion of his life had left him
alone in spirit and he longed to depart. His
work was done, as poet, man of letters and
artist, and It was crowned at the last with the
greatest achievement of ; all. In his bereave
ment all interest in life and all power seemed to
have gone, but it remained for love to work an
other miracle, to revive the benumbed powers
for an effort which was to evoke his greatest
genius, and to give the world a work which
represents his highest aspirations and his
most refined skill. He ,was Induced by his
friends, in order to draw his mind from prey
ing upon itself, to begin, the summer alter her
death, a monument to his wife. She, as he
used to confess, had always been his inspira
tion. He had learned to depend upon her
judgment, and to have every day in his studio
the benefit of her criticism upon the work of
the day. This new work saved his life temp
orarily. He entered upon the task with en
thusiasm . and with the, clearest art
istic vision, . and felt himself sustained
by her .presence. . So lost was :he at
times in this illusion that "at the close
of a day of labor he expected her, as usual, to
come in and criticize his work. When the door
opened and he turned expectantly with a
smile from his clay to ask the usual question
and saw a face that was not hers, the pathos of
the moment of disillusion was beyond woras.
The monument was finished during the sum
mer and was put into marble before his last
sickness. Itis to be placed next to the grave
of Shelley, in the most poetic of cemeteries,
under the walls of Rome. The situation, per
haps, determined the character of the monu
ment. It consists of an altar, upon which a
female figure has cast herself, with the
head bowed forward upon the arms. The
attitude is that of the abandonment of
grief. Every line in the yielding marble ex
presses this with a power of plasticity very sel
dom reached by an artist before. It is seen in
the flowing robes of the figure, that abandon
ment of sorrow, and looked at from behind
this impression of reality is perhaps most
vivid. The stone seemed to me to flow most
rhythmically in the measure of mourning.
The monument is classically simple, but never
before did Story put so much feeling into any
work, nor so.completely fuse his artistic skill
in expression. In the opinion of sculptors
whose judgment is of most value this is the
greatest of Story's works.— From the "Editor's
Study," by Charles Dudley Warner in Harper's
Magazine for February.
A MYSTERY SOLVED.
Mark Twain Wrote "The Personal Recol-
lections OF Joan OF Arc."
'- The authorship of "The Personal Recollec
tions of Joan of Arc," which has been appear
ing serially in Harper's Monthly during the
last year and which has been credited to
nearly every well-known author; is finally de
termined. Volume six of, the National Cyclo
pedia of American Biography contains a new
biography of Samuel L. Clemens (Mark Twain),
wnich enumerates this work in the list of his
publications. *-*"••'*• ' */- -
CURRENT HUMOR.
Johnny Highfly— Wear socks, do you? How
do you make them stay up? • \ .* •
Johnny's Cousin Pete (from the country}—
With the calves of my legs, o' course. Do you
have to wear garters?— Chicago Record.
-.*. "I want to ; buy a make-up box," said, the
young married man. ■■ /,/ '■'■■
, "A make-up box?" the confectioner echoed.
"We don't keep theatrical supplies."
"I mean a box of candy to take home to my
wife. I promised to be home three hours
ago."— Louisville Post. ' '■•.-,
She— Your college is not turning out many
surgeons now. ... : y//.;fx
He— we need them. We've got five foot
ball teams Whim Whams. !' . :
Not Wholly Useless.— "There doesn't seem to
be much use for you nowadays," said the cod
fish, "since they have found so many substi
tutes for whalebone and blubber that come
cheaper." . ■ ■ . '* ... •■
—-•No," sighed the whale. "About all' I am
good for now is to furnish the pure oodliver oil
of commerce,"— Chicago Tribune.
"Your crime," said the. South Dakota Judge,
"is absolutely inexcusable. A man who will
not take the trouble to get a divorce deserves
no mercy."
And he gave the convicted bigamist the full
penalty of the law.— Puck.
"Johanna, don't forget to dust the bric-a
brac." ApTTyT
"No, ma'am. Where do you keep the dust."—
Detroit Free Press.
Wright— Read my last novel? .
Reed— Yes. Kept me awake half the night.
"Come off. You are trying to flatter me."
"Indeed I'm not. I read it in the afternoon
and fell asleep and when night came I was
wakeful."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Beans?"
"No beans."
"Of course I do."
"Do what?" T/T/7:
"Know beans, you idiot."— lndianapolis
Journal. ' --"''"'-. '"V^ *,- * ~ -
She— l do so much love winter, particularly
the month of January. I wish it could last
forever. -■:  : ..■■■..
He— Me, too. I've got a draft coming due the
Ist of February.— New York Herald. . ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Annie Laurie— A . E. H. , Davisyille. Cal. . The
lady who writes over the name of Annie Laurie
is Mrs. O. Black, the wife of a San Francisco
newpaper man. ■. *
Size of a Stage— a. G., City. The stage of
the Grand Opera-house in this City is: Width
108 feet, depth 88 feet 6 inches.
New York Harbor— J. J. M., Hart. Shasta
Count/, Cal. A vessel drawing thirty feet of
water can enter the harbor of New York at low
tide. The draught of the Campana Is thirty
three feet. *
Citizenship— E. L. F., City. A man who is a
citizen of the United States is entitled to hold
a Government position irrespective of the fact
that he has not resided a year within its
boundaries, j
jj No Special Value— G. L. T., City. ' A dime of
1894 is worth its face value only unless it is
one of twenty-four coined during that year in
the Mint in this City. The mark on those
dimes is the letter S, under the wreath on the
reverse side. '.■■p.ypp,
, Pound Liinis— N. H., City. The poundmaster
is still an official in the flesh. His jurisdiction
extends on that territory between the Mission
and Bernal Heights. If he does not perform
his duty a party desires fo complain can
do so before the Supervisors. -* <■.. , . ■■-pt-z-p-
Eight-O'Clock Order— A. T. L., City. There
is a City ordinance that prohibits minors from
congregating on the ' public streets after 8
o'clock at night. If the officers in the vicinity
of your home do not disperse boys who annoy
you, you have a right to make a complaint be
fore the Police Commissioners. ■ .
The Blue-Book— City.7 Answers to corre
spondents cannot inform you why the Secre
tary of State did not supply you with a copy of
the Blue-Book of the State. , He is authorized
to print a limited number only, and it may be
that before you .filed your application for one
the applications prior to yours absorbed the
edition. ■■;*:-
Tides— J. J. M., Hart, Shasta County, Cal. No
measurement of the tides at Battery Park, N. V.,
are taken, but the register at Governors Island
sbows that the mean rise is 4 feet .4 of an inch,
spring tide 5 feet 2.1 inches, and neap 3 feet
.6 of an inch. ,At Liverpool, Eng., the regis
ter shows 21 feet at neap tide and 31 feet at
springtide. ■" -■
Change a Day— A. H., City. Masters of
vessels, in sailing . from San Francisco to
either Australia or China, do not actually lose
a day in transit, but after crossing the one
hundred and eightieth parallel they change a
day in order to keep tl-Hr reckoning straight.
A master of a vessel can lose a day only in
making the circuit of the world.
. The Ab-t School— E. G., City. The following
are the tuition fees in the school of design in
the Hopkins Institute of Art: Six dollars a
month or $24 for the course from January 2 to
May 15, or $48 for the full term in the antique,
life class (nude model), portrait class (draped
model) aud modeling class. The fee in the
painting class (still life and portraits), $8, $30
and $60. The school opens on the 15th of
August and closes on the 15th of May. -
Immigraiiok— Saratoga, Cal. Since 1820
the years in which there has been the greatest
Immigration to the United States were: 1882,
788,992; 1881, 669,431 ;TB92[* 623,084; 1883,
603,322; 1891, 550,319; 1888,' 546,889; 1884,
518,322; 1893, 502,917. j The other years show
under the last given figures. : The immigration
in 1895 was 279.948. j* During the decade end
ing 1890 tbe greatest number as to national
ity was: England, 649,052; Ireland, 655,
--381; Scotland, 149,856; Germanv,' 1,452,952;
Norway and Sweden, 560,483; China, 59,995.
In China the year 1890 is not included. In the
preceding decade the immigration from China
was 122,436. The total in teD years, ending
1890, was 6,704,845, of which the Unite-
Kingdom furnished 1,466,426; Europe, 4,725,
--814; Asia, 63.932; Africa, 375; America,
422,848, and all other countries 25,759.
Cabnes' Express— D. W., . San Jose, : Cal.
Carnes' express was a private company estab
lished * in * this City in 1864,* for the purpose of
delivering letters to all parts of the City, prior
to the free delivery system by the postal ' au
thorities. The ■ price of delivery was 5 cents,
inside of Larkin street, and > special rates . out
side. The managers sold stamps, which were
affixed to letters and dropped in boxes in va
rious parts of the City. It was located at 423
Washington street, iras , : operated by G. A.
Games, then by Dennis Gahagan and after-
I ward by W. E. Loomis, who changed the name
to the City Letter Express. The crimson
stamps issued by Carnes are not of much value
to collectors. Dealers offer them for 50 cents.
The Carnes letter express did * not have an ex
press business with the intei lor. ,. 4 -.
Uncle Sam— A. E. H., Davisville, Cal. The
origin of the name Uncle Sam is as follows:
During the war of 1812 Elbert Anderson' of
New York, a Government contractor, visited
Troy, on the Hudson, where was concentrated
and where he purchased large quantities of
provisions, beef, pork and the like. One of the
inspectors of these articles was Bamuel Wilson,
who superintended a . large number of work
men, and who was generally known aa "Uncle
Sam." The articles selected by the contractor
were marked E. A. and U. S. One of the work
men who was marking the packages, when
asked by some of his fellow- workmen the mean
ing of the mark, replied that he thought it
meant Elbert Anderson and Uncle Sam,
alluding to Uncle Sam Wilson. At that time
out little was known of the abbreviation of
United States to U. S., and when it was dis
covered that a mistake had been made by the
workman, it was thought good thing to name
everything marked U. S. "Uncle Sam. Wilson
died in New York in 1854 aged 84 years, and
in noticing his death the Albany Argus gave
what is stated as the origin of the term Uncle
Sam as the sobriquet of the United States. ' !
Railroad Commissions— W. . 8., Campbell,
Fresno County, Cal. The following is a list of
the States that have Railroad Commissioners
and the names of the different secretaries:
Alabama, C. P. Jackson, Montgomery; Arkan
sas, 11. B. Armistead, Little Rock; California,
S. Newman, San Francisco; Colorado, H. C.
Hamill, Denver; Georgia, J. D. Massey, At
lanta; Illinois, J. W. Yantls, Springfield; In
diana, W. ,D. Owen. Indiananolis; lowa,
W. W. AiDsworth, Dcs Moines ; Kansas,
B. P. Flanniken, Topeka; Kentucky, D.
C. Hardin, Frankfort; Maine, E. C. Farring
ton, Augusta; Massachusetts. W. A. Crafts. Bos
ton; Michigan. E. A. Rundell, Lansing; Minne
sota, A. K. Telsberg, St. Paul; Mississippi, S. L.
McLaurin, Jackson; Missouri, James Harding,
Jefferson City; Nebraska, J. W. Johnson, Lin
coln; New Hampshire, H. M. Putney (chair
man) Manchester; New York, C. R. de Freest,
Albany ; North Carolina, H. C. Brown, Raleigh ;
North Dakota, J. E. Pheian, Bismarck; Ohio,
J. H. Wierick, Columbus; Oregon, L. Baker,
Portland; Pennsylvania, B. Brown, Harris
burg; Rhode island, E. L. Freeman, Provi
dence (commissioner); South Carolina, M. T.
Bartlett, Columbia; South Dakota, C. B. John
son, Watertown; Texas. J. J. Arthur. Austin;
Vermont, F. C. Smith, St. Albans; Virginia, E.
G. Eckers, Richmond; Wisconsin, Jere C. Mur
phy, Madison. . .*■ . - .
A PERFECT LOUNGING ROBE.
White eider-down was the material used in
making this useful and graceful gown.
It was lined throughout with pale blue china
silk (the hood being lined with the same) and
had a blue silk girdle, with cords to match,
holding the fullness of the sleeves in place.
White flannel or serge makes a most sensible
garment, as it may easily be laundered at
home. A binding of pale yellow washable rib
bon can be used on all the edges, and not de
tract from its economy, for this so-called wash
able ribbon really washes, and does away with
the expense of sending these garments to the
cleaners. . ..; :y- -,-
A blue eider-down simply bound with white
ribbon is dainty. The hood is lined with white
china silk, which also washes well.
A gown of pink, blue and tan striped flannel
had bindings of blue, with bin*- hood lining
and girdle. A dream in Dink was of roll flaw,
nel, with silk bindings, girdle and lining all
in the same shade.
White flannel with a lining of primrose yet
low china silk is a combination that is artistic
and can al3o be washed with good results.
Bright red eider-down makes a very servicea
ble gown, which does not soil so readily as the
more delicate colors, but is still pretty. Satin
ribbon of the same shade, an inch wide, is used
to bind the edges. A girdle of the same shade
of satin ribbon three Inches wide is chosen in
stead of silk cord. .*, :- .
The cheaper outing flannels make very use
ful and inexpensive bath or longing gowns,
and very dainty combinations are possible.
Plain Turkish toweling is chosen by many,
and is simply hemmed or bound with cotton
braid.
■ Such a gown as this is so simply made, and
may be made so cheaply at home that every
woman who appreciates comfort and neatness
will have one, for the cost will not exceed
$150— ten yards of outing flannel at 18U
cents and one yard of narrow ribbon to bind
the hood. The girdle may be omitted.
The front is seamless. The back is cut in
two pieces. The sleeve is cut in one piece.
CABLE-CAR DIFFICULTIES.
Exasperated Citizen— Look here, I want to
make a complaint against your confounded
cable-cars. Yesterday I got caught in a block
ade and had to sit and wait for nearly an hour.
Superintendent— just like you fellows,
never satisfied. Why, another man just came
in and complained that the cars went so fast he
couldn't get on.— New York Life. *
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townaend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer!
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ***
. Husband's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. •
Wife— saw Mrs. Browner last evening?
. Husband— Yes but not to speak to. ' .
Wife— What a story I They tell me you were
sitting with her for more than two hours.
Husband— but it was she who did the
talking.— Transcript.
Catarrh is a constitutional disease. It requires a
constitutional remedy which will build up the sys
tem and make pure blood. Experience proves that
such a remedy is found In Hood's Sarsaparilla. -
The most efficacious stimulant to excite the
appetite ; are Dr.'Siegert's Angostura Bitters. Be
ware of counterfeits. ...
"Brown's Bronchia*.' Troches" are un
equaled for clearing the Voice. Public speakers
and singers the world over use them.
NEW TO-PAT.
jJPI^SPECiA^T
i|j| Tuesday, Jan. 28th. To-day only.
Ira Ladies' All-Wool Fine
IH Scarlet Undervests or
i Pants, 28 to 38, good at
m $1.50. To-day's price 85c.
lift ■■ Smiths' Specials save you money
M 7" '" *'--- a l r 'his week. """»»* .
mt * Smiths' Cash Store, a
■-•1 ■.; 41 4,416,41 8 FRONT ST, S. F.TUESDAY JANUARY 28. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
California Theater-" In Old Kentucky."
Fai.-v.-iv .Theater.— Grand Opera Season-
Monday, February 3, "AU_ '
Columbia Theater— "Men and Women."
-fOBOSCO'S Opera-llocse— " The Editor."
Tivoi.i Opera-Hocsk.— "lxlon: or. The Man of
the Wheel.",.
ORr-HEr"-.— High-Class Vaudeville.
-rover's ArcA?AR.-"A Canting Scoundrel.**
f foot the Cm TKs. — Daily at Haight street
tx *■ -lock cast of the Park.
"B*. 1 IETBIci Track.— Il.irei to-day.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The annual meeting of the Alliance Fancaise
was held last evening.
Tempest won the coursing stake at Ocean
View Park on Sunday last.
Arrangments have been made to hold the
Junta primary on February 3*4.
The Sutro road to the Cliff House was oper
ate.', yesterday for the first time.
Members of the Woman's Federation re
ported yesterday on prisons and hospitals.
The wager between La Voce del Popolo and
I. Italia, has been decided in favor of the first
named.
"Clearinpr," is the cheering prediction issued
Inst night by Local Weather Forecast Official A.
McAdie.
The Rev. Mr. Webber, an Episcopalian, ad
dressed the Presbyterian Ministerial Union
yesterday. " . -
The Reverend John McCarthy lectured on
Chinese mission work yesterday afternoon at
Y. M. C. A. Hall.
The Methodist Ministers' Club has adopted
resolutions against the closing of the Napa
Collegiate Institute.
Dr. H. C. French read a paper on "Watch
men in Israel" at yesterday's meeting of the
Congreeational Club.
The second trial of Mrs. Jane Shattuck for
the murder of Harry Pool commenced before
Judge Belcher yesterday.
■William Carlson has lost his suit to be de
clared Assessor of San Diego County because he
filed his contest of election too late.
There has been an offer to furnish beer to
100 San Francisco retailers at *?_ per barrel—
trl lower than the combination price.
Deputy Fish Commissioners recently seized
and destroyed $400 worth of illegal fishing
gear in Suisun Bay and up the river.
E. G. Lukens has been made assignee of the
creditors of the Mount Shasta Manufacturing
Company, with bonds fixed at $38,000.
A new Track for trotting races is promised by
the Alameda Driving Club. It will be built
near the mouth of the Alameda estuary.
The suit of the Southern Pacific to have all
the stop-over cases brought in one consolidated
action is on trial before Judge Sanderson.
The winning horses at the Bay District track
yesterday were: Catch Em, Sam Leake, Logan,
Hidago, Summertime and Ashland Eclipse.
A number of saloon-keepers in the Mission
propose to fight the Brewers' Protective Asso
ciation for recently raising the price of steam
beer.
James Joseph Dull is contesting the will of
his mother, Jane Duff, on th. ground of undue
influence. His three brothers may join the
contest. ,''-*'-
A Chinese named Ong Hong was indicted
yesterday by the Federal Grand Jury for manu
facturing opium without iirst having given the
necessary bond.
George Knight has appealed from the de
cision ot Judge - swell declaring Denis Spen
cer the properly appointed attorney for the
Board of Health.
Mrs. Ellen Fury, an old dairy woman at Sun
nyside, was run over and killed yesterday by
tr_in -. which left for San Jose and San
Luis Obispo at 8:15 A. si.
Louis Gerenani, a plumber, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on charges of grand
larceny and burglary for breaking into and
stealing fixtures from vacant houses.
The residence of S. E. Thompson, 1031 Capp
street, was saved from burglars or chicken
thieves yesterday morning by the faithfulness
of a fox terrier, which was badly cut.
Journeymen painters and decorators have
decided to fight the boss painters and bid for
all contracts if their demands for better wages
and hours are not complied with by March 1.
George Brown, who lives in the Mission, cut
off his yellow dog's tail in order to cure it of
fits. The officers of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals have charge of the
case.
Charles Kane, & strong, healthy man who
has been annoying residents on Ashbury
Heights, was yesterday sentenced by Judge
Low to thirty days in the County Jail for beg
ging.
Mrs. T. H. Carothers, wife of Hon. T. H.
Carothers, of TTkiah, elector on the Republican
ticket when Benjamin Harrison was elected,
died suddenly two days ago at her country
home.
Senator Stephen M. White has wired here for
a copy of the Paulson report on Pacific and
aided railroads. There were 90,000 copies
printed and nearly all have mysteriously dis
appeared.
Hugh Murphy, bartender in the Richmond
saloon, Sixth avenue and D street, was cut in
the ueek by Jaspec Madison, a colored jockey,
on Sunday night, and the r>olice are searching
for Madison. .
Mrs. K. P. Burrell of Oakland, who worked
off worthless mining stock on teachers in this
City until exposed by the, papers, is reported
to be playing the same game with working
women i:i Sacramento.
The Grand Lodge of B'nai B'rith yesterday
decided to continue to maintain its free religi
ons school and remove it to their hall." The
question of an age scale of assessments was
••ostponed for one year.
VY. a. Engwer, a pioneer and proprietor of
the Alta Soap Company, died at his home, 820
Lombard street. Sunday evening from heart
failure. He came here in 1855 and leaves a
widow and seven children.
J. J. Russell Peel, a grandson of Sir Robert
Peel of history, is in business in this City. He
characterizes Nat Feldman, the Bella'l'nion
variety actor who claims to be a son of Sir
Robert Peel, as an imposter.
At a meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes
terday Supervisor King introduced an order
providing for the licensing of poolrooms ati**so
a day or $500 a month. The order was read a
hr.-t time and reierred to a committee.
United States Circuit Judge McKenna made
an order yesterday directing the Southern
Pacific to serve by Monday copies of its reply
affidavit to that of Commissioner La Rue
which contained the Pacific Commissioners
report.
councilman B. F. McLean of Wichita, who is
at the Occidental, says Kansas is overrun with
all kinds of isms that have driven many
people away and in various ways injured the
State. He is looking for a "new business
location.
Frank Seller, 3 Central place, was riding on
the dummy of a car on the Sutro electric road
last evening and when rounding a sharp curve
he fell off, sustainining a contusion of the
right hip and a possible fracture of the right
shoulder-blade.
The grandchildren of Charles Shrakkart, the
pickle manufacturer at 718 Bryant street, have
attached his property at Garden and Harrison
streets, which Shrakkart deeded to his children
on December 24, but which they re-conveyed
to him on January 22.
The Trenton postoffice robbers, Edward Nor
ton and Emelie Murillo, were indicted by the
Federal Grand Jury yesterday. The State
authorities have a charge of highway rob
bery against them, and refuse to turn them
over to the United States Marshal.
The owners of the schooner Pioneer have
asked the United States District Court to
limit the vessel's liability to her actual value
in the $50,000 damage suit of Robert Lynes,
and to have all proceedings in the State court
stopped on the ground that it is an admiralty
case.
The Election Commissioners refused yester
day to allow the salaries of the employes of the
illegal Board of Election Commissioners. Mr.
Hinton has received $1800 for acting as
Registrar while clerk of that board, and now
says that its employes were appointed, not by
the board, but by him as Registrar, which will
insure their receiving a statutory salary.
ESTATE OF A. PAGE BROWN.
The Property of Deceased Willed to His
Family.
The estate of the late A. Page Brown
consists of life insurance policies of con
siderable value, real estate and personal
property.
The value of the estate is not ascertained.
It is known that a will exists, the docu
ment having been drawn by Harold
heeler.
The will may be filed in the Probate
Court some time this week. The estate is
bequeathed to the wife and children of the
testator.
CAUGHT IN THE STORM
The Steamers Umatilla and Co
lumbia Had Very Rough
Experiences.
WERE CONSIDERABLY OVERDUE.
Colliers Which Left Before Them Are
Looked For, but No Fears
Entertained.
Steamers from Puget Sound and the
Columbia River had a very hard time of it
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Umatilla in Last Sunday's Gale Off Cape Mendocino.
[From a sketch by Chief Engineer Lacey.]
during the recent southeaster. The col- I
liers Peter Ibsen and Costa Rica are now j
forty-eight hours overdue in consequence, j
but no fears are entertained for their
safety, as the Columbia, from Astoria, and •'
the Umatilla, from Paget Sound, were
both more than a day late in getting into
port.
The owners of the Ibsen and Costa Rica
have no "ears for the boats, and expect
them to arrive without having suffered
any damage. The Peter Ibsen was last
seen on Sunday morning off Cape Flattery'
and at that time she was making good
weather. The chances are that both of
them will get in during the day.
The Umatilla had a terrible time of it,
and again and again the captain's room
and the upper cabins were flooded, but the
good ship kept bucking into it, and never
once during the entire trip did Chief En
gineer Lacy get a "slow bell."
Captain Green was certain of his course
and had perfect confidence in his ship, and
in spite of wind and weather he picked up
every point from Flattery to Mendocino
and thence to the Golden Gate, and
docked the Umatilla at Broadway wharf a
little the worse for wear but "stili in the
ring."
A stancher or better-equipped steamer
than the Umatilla never sailed out of San
Francisco.
While the Umatilla was lying at Vic
toria (B. C.) wharf the Norwegian steamer
Peter Ibsen, with a load of coal, went out.
Next morning the collier was sighted a
few miles north of Flattery, but making
good weather of it. At that time the
Umatilla was plunging into a heavy head
sea and nearly all the passengers were in
their bunks paying their tribute to
Neptune.
About the only one who managed to ■
keep his equilibrium was Fletcher Coulter j
of the Seattle Athletic Club. His stomach I
is caseproof against the biggest sea that
ever rolled, and he says the storm experi
enced by the Umatilla was but a "flea
bite" in connection with the fight he is
here to engineer. The contest, according
to him, will be that of the century, and
Jackson and Corbett are likely to figure in
it. Should Fitzsimmons beat Maher, then
the best man will be challenged by Cor
bett and Jackson will meet the champion.
Leaving the El Paso tight out of the
question. Coulter is of the opinion that a
limited-round fight between Peter Jackson
and "Jim" Corbett can be brought off in
the Seattle Athletic Club, and that a purse
big enough to draw the crowd can be
raised. Seattle, according to Mr. Coulter,
does not want such second-rate stars as
Fitzsimmons and Maher, but Gorbett and j
Jackson in a limiteo-round contest would I
prove a drawing card. Just what will be '
done in the premises remains to be seen.
Tbe Umatilla left Victoria. B. C, last
Friday, and from the start experienced i
heavy weather. On Sunday last it blew a !
perfect hurricane, and the vessel's decks i
were almost constantly unuer water. The I
captain's room, which is in the forward j
part of the ship, was almost constantly
flooded, and the carpets and chairs were
floating around in a sea of water when
ever Captain Green attempted to reach
his lockers. {*jT*_*'pM*** - *f-Bfcarf- , '*»fe
The wind gradually increased during the
afternoon, and about 4 p. m. a squall struck
the ship that made her heel over like a
sinking ship. A wave swept her from
stem to stern and one of the boats amid
ships was carried away. It was then Cap
tain Green showed;tiis seamanship.. Ac
cording to the officers, who were tne only
ones on deck, he never for an instant lost
his head, but {rave his commands as coolly
as when the vessel was leaving the wharf
at Port Townsend. The Umatilla behaved
like tne good ship she is and came up to
the next wave like a bird, and although
sea after sea swept over her there was no
more damage. The cabins were flooded
and other minor troubles were report d
Chief Engineer Lacey never got the "jin
gle bells," nor did the "slow bell" ever
sound.
The ITmatilla kept on her way, and
though her decks were constantly flooded
with water and slow time was made, Cup
tain Green brought her in safe and sound
although a little behind time.
Captain Bolles in the steamer Columbia
had almost a similar experience. Off the
Mendocino coast she was caught in the
storm. Sunday afternoon it blew a hurri
cane and at times the crew found it diffi
cult to move around the deck. -The social
hall was Hooded and the dining-room suf
fered in consequence. As there were very
few who wanted n.eals, however, there
was not much suffering. Every one of the !
seasick crowd who could take beef tea was
offered it morning, noon and night, and
coffee and toast were always ready when
ordered.
Both on the Umatilla and Columbia the
crew fared sumptuously, as the meats pre
pared for the cabin table were not used
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
and the firemen and deckhands got the
benefit of the deal.
ALONG THE FRONT.
How the Ship Hyderabad and the
Schooner Alexander Were
Swept by Seas.
During Sunday's storm the British ship
Hyderabad and the four-masted schooner
Alexander had a very lively experience.
The former was lyintj at Harrison-street
wharf and the latter at Hathaway Both
were exposed to the full fury of the south
easter and had to suffer accordingly. ..?*
The Hyderabad was in the worst posi
tion, and had it not been for the fenders
supplied by Chief Wharfinger Root con
siderable damage would have been done.
In this connection too much praise cannot
be given to the Harbor Commissioners and
their employes. Whenever a sudden
change of weather is telephoned from the
Weather Bureau they at once notify the
captains. In the case of vessels south of
Market they go ev"***n further and help
them out as far as possible. While Sun-
day's storm was raging .Chief Wharfinger
Root and Chief Assistant Ed Short were
around the front helping out and sending
for assistance wherever it was needed.
The Hyderabad, at Harrison-street wharf,
was swept fore and aft by the seas. Al
most every wave that came along broke
over the vessel, but the only injury done
was to the captain's cabin, which was
gutted.
The Alexander was at the Hathaway
bulkhead and. received the full bulk of the
swell. Her "fender-guard" was torn away
and the hull was badly chafed before she
was towed away. During last Saturday's
gale the Alexander was in trouble also.
At that time she was thrown against the
ship Rhoderick Dhu and lost her bow
sprit. This second damage will necessi
tate her being docked for repairs.
The bark Rufus E. Wood has made a
remarkable reeo-d up to date. She left
here on the 16th inst. and helped by the
southeast gales reached Nanaimo, B. C.,
in very quick time. On the 26th inst. she
sailed again and the captain expects to
reach San Francisco before February 6.
I Should he make the round trip in thirty
days the owners give him a new suit
;of clothes, and should he make it by
j February 6 he will get $100 and the suit of
j clothes also.
The f<l*\ ing notice to mariners has
been issr ' by the lighthouse board:
Willan-.t-....-. River, channel to Portland, Or.
Notice is hereby given that the Postoffice bar.
single postlight beacon (lower) was carried
away by a steamer colliding with it and will
be replaced as soon as the depth of water will
permit.
The ship Bohemia, Captain Hogan, has
been charteied to load wheat for Australia.
This makes an even dozen vessels that
have taken wheat to that country, whereas
two years ago they were shipping it to
California. From Australia the Bohemia
will go to Manilla and thence to Phila
delphia to load another cargo for San
Francisco.
CANDIDATES IN THE FIELD
Ready to Go as Delegates to the
Republican National Con
vention.
The Contest Is Warming Up in the
Sacramento and Los Angeles
Districts.
The call for an early National Republi
can Convention at St.Louis renders it neces
sary for the State Convention to select
delegates from California to meet some
time in May. From present indications
there will be no lack of candidates, but
the closest figuring on the chances of elec
tion seems to be in Los Angeles and Sacra
mento. There may be quite as many can
didates to the population in San Francisco
as in Los Angeles or Sacramento, but the
politicians are not out in the open here
making a fight as they are south of the
Tehachipi and up the valley of the Sacra
mento.
Grove L. Johnson is an out-and-out can
didate in the Congressional district which
he represents, and is also a candidate for a
renomination for Congress. His claims to
represent the district at the National Con
vention are being disputed by Frank D.
Ryan, a vigorous Native Son," whose in
fluence in Sacramento politics counts for
more than a little. Mr. Ryan is willing to
go to St. Louis himself, and since he does
not ask to go to Congress many of the
voters are inclined to give him the honor
desired.
Lionel A. Sheldon is spoken of as one
i who would make a good dclegate-at-large,
I and his boomers are quite active. Walter
j .Moore and Harvey Lindley of Los Angeles
j are in town. Lindley is said to be anxious
j to go to St. Louisas a -district delegate,
; but there are others of the same mind who
may develop the required strength to win
before f*""*e contest closes. In figuring on
chances down south, the force wielded by
Editor Otis must be taken into considera
tion. It is thought that one of the dele
gates-at-largo" will come from Sari Fran
cisco, and perhaps the other may be taken
from the southern part of the State.
-Warring Cigar-Men.
The injunction restraining M. Rlaskower &
j Co. from using the picture of Senator Stanford
on a certain brand of cigars has been dissolved
iby Judge Hebbard. Blaskower & ; Co. make a
brand of cigars called -the Senator, and M.
Stackelberg & Co.' of New York make another
: brand called the Leland Stanford. On the
labels of both brands the picture ot Stanford
appears, and; the New YorK company finally
secured an injunction preventing the use of
the picture. Judge -Hebbard* decided that as
the brands of cigars and the names were dif
j ferent, he would dissolve the injunction. *
AT THE CITY PLAYHOUSES.
Brilliant Opening-Night of "Men
. and Women" at the
Columbia.
" OLD KENTUCKY" DRAWS YET.
A New Play at Morosco's— The Creole
Nightingale Still Warbling at .
the Orpheum.
De Mille & Belasco's drama "Men and
"Women" was given for the first time by
the Frawley Company at the Columbia
Theater last night. A large audience
listened to the performance with marked
interest, though the applause was never
positively enthusiastic.
The Frawley Company was augmented
by George Osbourne, who, with Macklyn
Arbuckle, pretty well shared the honors
as far as the male roles were concerned.
The all-round cast, however, found thor
oughly satisfactory exponents in the mem
bers of the company. George Osbourne
was suited with a role particularly to his
taste in the part of Israel Cohen, president
of the Jeffersonian National Bank. Mac
lyn Arbuckle played the part of William
Prescott, the defaulting cashier of the
same bank, both men being in love with
Agnes Rodman, who had given her affec
tions to the baser man of the two.
George Osbourne played the part of the
: rejected lover with so much dignity and
i in such a sympathetic manner that he
| captured the good will of the audience , if
:he did not succeed in moving Agnes. Ar
] buckle had an exacting role as the erring
j cashier who kept his misdeeds to himself
I long enough to appear a traitor to his
friend, Edward Seabury, but Arbuckle
made a good deal out of his lines, and
never sank to being a real stage villain.
Frawley was a pleasant, manly Seabury,
the assistant cashier, who is unjustly ac
cused of his chief's wrongdoing.
Colonel Kip. the ex-member of Congress
who tries through two acts to propose to
the fascinating Mrs. Delalield, was hu
morously portrayed by S. D. Blachfield.
j Miss Blanche Bates was in her element as
the dashing widow, and Miss Jennie Ken
nark acted naturally and looked pretty as
Agnes Rodman. All the other roles were
in good hands.
. "Men and Women" is elaborately
staged, the bric-a-brac being particularly
! extensive and artistic. The stained-glass
j window which plays so conspicuous a part
; in the library scene of the third act, has a
striking resemblance to an up-to-date
high-art poster. .
The Grand Opera-House.
Advanced newspaper methods were held up
to the wondering admiration of the good
sized audience at Morosco's last night. "The
Editor" is one of " Vincent & Aldrlch's most
brilliant comedy-dramas, and the editor him
self is a most interesting, even though some
what'overdrawn, character study. Frank B.
Hatch makes a great hit in the part, which in
other hands might fall flat. Harry Benrimo
as a Wall-street banker is. as purseproud and
pompous as heart could wish, while Charles
Lothian as his son made the most he could of
the part.
Among the ladies on the stage Maud E. Hall
made a pretty and very young-looking widow,
and Florence Thropp, as- the "Editor's"
daughter, made her part singularly vivacious
and amusing. Mina Gleason and Pearl Mc-
Clelland were also deserving of special men
lion. The plot is nothing wonderful, but
much room is given for effective byplay and a
sprightly current of underplot. The love
scenes are plentiful, and, strange to say, not
mawKish or overdrawn. •
The scenic effects are particularly notice
able. The scenery in the first act, by Henry
Scloth, representing the garden and lawn of a
country house, is exceedingly pretty, and that
in the last act, by Sidney Chidley, a richly
adorned but tasteful interior, are both very
effective. The piece will- run during the
present week. - .
At the California, ,7
Dazey's romantic - comedy-drama, "In Old
Kentucky," continues j to attract good audi
ences at the California. Ralph Stuart seems
to have the gilt of making his audiences fall
in love with him. His methods certainly are
those of a finished actor, while Laura Burt, as
Madge Brierly, the dainty mountain' flower, is
so captivating that to be adored she must only
be seen. The great. racing scene is undoubt
edly a triumph in scenic ' art. and is regarded
by critics as a marvel of perspective, the idea
of great distance being most graphically por
trayed. " During '. the performance copies of
Corinne's famous "Trilby" song, "Ben Bolt,"
were distributed among the audience.
The Tivoli.
"Ixion" has proved as perennial as Patti's
"farewell" performances, but last night "posi
tively its last" week at the Tivoli was opened.
"A Gentle Savage" will be produced next Mon
day. ■ :-;•-*-- -.—-v."---**.
At the Orpheum,
A really fine vaudeville performance amply
repaid last night's audience at the Or
pheum for their hardihood in braving the
tickle weather's, wrath.' One great attraction
was Rosner's original ! Hungarian orchestra,
which played for the first time in this City at
the opening of the Orpheum in 1887. Rachel
Walker, the "Creole Nightingale,"' continues
to charm her hearers with tne magic ot her
matchless, voice. Her "Last Rose of Summer"
is com Dared with Patti's, while- last night, in
"The Enchantress," a dreamy waltz song, she
carried s the audience by storm. M. de Bis
sell made some very clever models in clay re
lief on a blackboard, taking so little -time
about the work that it was hard to believe that
one man's ; hands could do; it. Heeley and
Marba, the eccentric grotesques, called ; forth
many a laugh. William Roberts and the De
Van sisters did some fine work on the trapeze,
and ■ altogether the programme was as varied
as it was excellent in its way. Additional at
tractions are promised for next week.
A CALIFORNIA VETERAN.
Military Career of Captain John Lud
low Given, Who Died Recently
in New York.
Captain John Ludlow Given, the senior
captain of the Twelfth United States In
fantry, who died in New York January 10
last, was a resident of San Francisco in
1861. In that year he enlisted in Company
D, First California Cavalry, and lp Sep
tember, 1861, was promoted to be quarter
master-sergeant. Ha accompanied the
California column commanded by General
James H. Carleton fecross the deserts of
Southeast California and Arizona to the
Rio Grande, being many times engaged
with hostile Indians.
In 1864 he was promoted to be second
lieutenant and later first lieutenant, First
New York Cavalry, and was mustered out
to accept a commission in the Twelfth
United States Infantry, April 19, 1866.
Captain Given served in San Francisco
harbor for .everal years and since then
has been on duty in Nebraska, Wyoming,
Dakota and Arizona. He was a member
of the Society of tne War of 1812, Sons oi
the American Revolution, California Vol
unteers, Loyal Legion and Grand Army of
the Republic.
Captain Given was well known in San
Francisco, where he had many friends,
who will regret his death. He was very
nearly 63 years of age when he died and
was looking forward to early retirement
from the service, when he expected to
spend the rest of his life in California.
He was a model company commander
and devoted to his profession. He mar
ried in San Francisco the daughter of
George L. Kenny, who was for many years
connected with the firm of H. H. Bancroft
& Co.
MRS. SHATTUCK'S TRIAL.
Evidence of Her Daughter Truly, aa
Given at the First Trial,
Ordered Head.
The trial of Jane Shattuck, for the mur
der of Harry Poole, commenced before
Judge Belcher yesterday.
Truly Shattuck is still among- the miss
ing. She is in Montana, arid after Assist
ant District Attorney Hosmer had offered
proof that she had gone at least as far as
Portland, he asked to be allowed to read
her testimony taken at the first trial.
Mr. Cook objected, but the transcript of
her evidence, as given at the first trial,
was admitted. : It related particularly to
the writing and sending of the letter which
lured Harry Poole to her mother's house,
where he was killed. It showed that the
letter was written, if not at the dictation,
at least on the suggestion of Mrs. Shattuck,
the defendant. 7 v 7
The case will go on to-day.
OFFER OF CHEAPER BEER
Proposition of an Outside Brewer
That Promises Big
Profits.
Progress of the Movement Against the
San Francisco Combina
tion.
"Last Saturday four agents started out
with petitions in four different sections of
the City to obtain the signatures of saloon
keepers and grocerymen,'* said Frank
Marty yesterday, "and in the evening, the
one in this — the Mission— district returned
with forty-five signatures. • Not bad . for
one day. The others have not been heard
from yet, and they are not to report for a
few days. '-..-/ "■ •,
"Letters have been received from several
persons who offer to furnish beer to the
San Francisco retail dealers. They ask
what we intend doing, and what assurance
they can have, that San Francisco saloon
men would patronize them. In short,
they say, 'Let .us know exactly what you
can and will do and we will make you an
offer.' ......
"One brewer outside of the City has
Bent a letter in which he states that he has
a brewery with a capacity to furnish beer
to 100 San Francisco retailers, and that he
will place it on the beer-stand at a cost of
$4 a barrel, which is $1 less than the brew
ers' combination is now charging. He
wants, before supplying beer, a contract
guaranteeing that the retailers of this
City will patronize him, and says that
he will need $2000 to obtain kegs,
faucets and other things necessary, and
that he will issue 200 shares of stock,
taking 100 shares himself, the others to be
taken by the 100 retailers to be supplied,
each to take but one sihare at a cost of $10.
He guarantees a profit of not less than 10
per cent per annum with a possibility of
double that amount. That would not be a
bad investment, together with the assur
ance of beer at $4 a barrel. '
"No, 1 do not feel at liberty to name this
brewer, for if his name or locality were
made known it would certainly interfere
with the prospect, we have at this time of
obtaining cheaper beer. v
"Some of those who have written assert
that beer can be delivered in this City to
retailers for $3 50 a barrel, but of these
propositions nothing can be said until
those making them are heard from."
ITALIAN WAR ENDS.
"End of a Local Journalistic Difficulty
Over a Telegram.
The committee of five appointed lo settle
the contest and decide .the wager between
La Voce del Popolo and L'ltalia regarding
the genuineness of one of the latter, jour
nal's published telegrams has come to an
agreement in favor of the first-named pub
lication. La Voce of yesterday says :
We have received the - decision of the com
mittee in the matter of the now famous wager.
In deference to the canons of good breeding,
which must govern tin cases of this kind, we
abstain from commenting upon the decision
which settles the disputed question in our
favor. In rendering its verdict the committee
says: - '*•-*■'•. - -■•.*••■":.■■•.
"While we censure La Voce for insinuating
that the telegram in question was fabricated,
whereas the alteration is only in the date, this
committee cannot consider said telegram gen
uine. Therefore we hereby eive our decision
to the effect that-L'ltalla ; donate to the poor
the sum of $100, that being the amount of the
wager. .*•-**.
"A. Sbarboro.
- "P. C. Rossi.
• . • ,**. * "P. Barbieri.
"Geo. F. Cavalli.
"Dr. G. Pescia."
FLEECED TEACHERS HERE.
Mrs. K. P. Burrell of .Oakland Working
Among Poor Women in Sacramento. ■■
Dispatches from ; Sacramento announce
that Mrs. E. P. Burrell of Oakland is in
ducing the working women of that city to
buy stock in a marvelous mine in Mexico.
She has a man known as Professor George
"W. Martin as art assistant, and together
they have been telling •fabulous tales of
the richness of the mine, which needs only
$10,000, to open properly and will pay
enormous dividends in a few months.
Mrs. Burrell worked the lame scheme
on the schoolteachers of this City three
years ago, though her mine then was not
in Mexico. She aroused considerable ex
citement, and -several J hundred teachers
I bought her , stocks. Some of them were
induced to invest large sums. Mrs. Aurelia
Griffith of the Golden Gate Primary School
is said to have been taken in to the amount
of quite $2000.
;: The newspapers, . at the time, gave con
siderable space ;to Mrs. Burrell and her
scheme. As ■ a" result, the teachers 7 were
saved : further payments. None of them
have sought recourse in the courts' as yet.
NEW TO-DAT. -
_^SS3SA "Pure and Sure."
Baking Powder..
"I have used Cleveland's Baking Powder with
entire satisfaction in the preparation of breads, biscuits
and Cakes." Juliet CORSON, Founder of New York Cooking School.
B`NAI B'RITH'S SCHOOL
The Grand Lodge Makes an
Appropriation for Its
Maintenance.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS TO-DAY.
The Question of an Age Scale of
Assessments Postponed Until
Next Year.
At yesterday's session of the Indepen- ;
dent Order of B'nai B'rith the first ques
tion brought up was the report of, the
special committee on endowment appointed
last year.
The present rate of assessment raid by
all members is $30 per year. The commit
tee reported that this was inequitable and '■
inadequate for the future and recom- !
mended that a graduated scale of assess- j
ments based on the age of the members \
\ be adopted so that the younger members j
would pay $30 per year and that the J
amount of assessment should be increased
for the older members up to $60 per year j
for those 51 years old or over.
The sentiment of the delegates was I
nearly unanimous against its adoption at j
present at least, and it was finally deter- j
mined to refer the matter back to the gen- i
eral committee to report on at the next
annual meeting. It was ordered that 2500
copies of the report be printed for distri
bution among the members. On motion
of Past Grand President D. O. Hirshberg
it was ordered that 2500 copies of the
Morse plan of endowment be also printed
and distributed.
The B. B. Hall committee was increased
by adding to it the grand president, the
first and second grand vice-presidents and
grand treasurer.
The general committee was authorized
to offer for sale the B'nai B'rith Hall, pro
vided $150,000 could be obtained for it.
The order will then build a new hall on its
lot on Van Ness avenue, at the corner of
Fell. \
The Hall Association was allowed $2000
for necessary improvements on the hall,
which requires painting and some interior
decoration.
First Grand Vice-President Wolfe pre
sented in an eloquent speech on behalf of '
the convention a set of handsomely en
grossed resolutions to Past Grand Treas
urer Isaac Lacher, expressing their appre
ciation of his faithful services while in
office. Mr. Lacher was grand treasurer of
the order for six years.
In honor of the wedding of Second Grand
Vice-President Stein, of Hope Lodge,
Stockton, he was presented with a set of
congratulatory resolutions, which were
; beautifully engrossed. The presentation j
i speech was made by First Grand Vice-
President Edwin I. Wolfe.
Dr. Voorsanger presented his report on j
the free religious school, recommending j
that an appropriation of $1750 be made for I
its maintenance, or that arrangements be
made to bring it back to the hall. Last
. July the Fire Wardens directed the direc
| tors of the Hall Association that they
I must either build fire-escanes or remove j
i the school. The school was moved to I
Mission street.
Dr. Voorsanger made an eloquent plea j
in behalf of maintaining the school and i
i arranging to bring it back to the hall.
After conclusion -of his speech. Rabbi
j Levy was invited to give his views, and
ably supported the committee's report.
Mr. Marcuse of Oakland Lodge f aid that
j he had always opposed maintaining the
! school, but had now been converted and ad
i vocated its support. Past Grand President
! Choynski said that he did not believe
I that the B'nai B'rith should alone maintain
! the school, but that it should be supported
; by all the Jewish people in the district.
The whole of the evening session was
taken up with the discussion of this sub
ject and finally when a vote was taken
near midnight it was determined to adopt
the committee's recommendation. The
vote stood 96 to 20.
The Grand Lodge will meet again this
morning at 10. Grand officers for the en
suing year will be elected to-day.
SHRAKKART IS ATTACHED.
Grandchildren of the Pickle Man
ufacturer Fighting for a
Legacy.
They Learn of Reconveyance of Prop
erty Deeded Away and Levy
on It.
Charles Shrakkart, the pickle-maker at
718 Bryant street, is still pursued by bis
three grandchildren, eager to get the* $1000
left them by their grandmother when she
died on September 5, 1895. At the time of
her death Mrs. Shrakkart had $1500 in the
San Francisco Savings and Loan Society.
This she willed to the three children of
her daughter, Mrs. Elizabeth Jeutsch.
Shrakkart gave the children $500 of the
money. He then transferred the remain
ing $1000 to his own account. The chil
dren brought suit for it through Judge
Groezinger, their attorney. Mr. Groe
zinger was about to levy on Mr. Shrak
kart's property then. He did not, because
he found that Mr. Shrakkart had deeded
all his property to his children. These
deeds were recorded on January 15, al
though they were dated three weeks before
that. "
Mr. Groezinger did not despair. He
kept on Shrakkart's track, and at last dis
covered that on . January 22 the property
of the old pickle-maker had been recon
veyed to him by . ' his ; children, although
these deeds were not put on record.
:; Knowing this Judge Groezinger yester
day clapped an attachment on property
belonging • to Skraksart at Garden and
Harrison streets. This property alone is
worth $5000. If ; it is not considered suf
ficient to fully protect the children' Mr.
Groezinger may, to-day, levy on the pickle
factory and other of Mr. Shrakkart's pos
sessions.
Mersfelder. Concert To-Night.
This evening, at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, a testimonial benefit will be given to
Jules R. Mersfelder by his ", friends, to enable
him to continue his studies in art. The follow
ing will assist on the attractive programme:
Signor G. Cadenasso, tenor; Mrs. Alvina Heuer
Wiilson, soprano; Signora L. , Cadenasso, con
tralto; Robert Lloyd, barytone. Press Club
Quartet— Frank Coffin, first tenor; R. Fletcher
Til ton, second tenor; Williard J. Batchelder,
second bass; Samson E. Tucker, first bass; R.
Fletcher Tilton, piano accompanist. The pat
rons of the affair are: James D. Pheian, Wil
liam Keith, Irving M. Scott, W. H. Crocker, H.
If. Holbrook. Sidney M. Smith, P. Dobbertin
and W. R. Whittier.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Havmax _ Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
OPERA SEASON^ "^ST Feb. 3.
jjj?V ! SEATS
£"•«__. ready
dL2fe TO-DAY
'a'U. 1 unions MARIE
TAVARY GRAND OPERA
: »_____xr-_r :
REPERTOIRE FiRST WEEK:
Monday "AIDA"
T*» * ( l>-y ''CARMEN"
Wed. Mat, at pop prices,' -BOH I* MI AN tilllL"
Wednesday Night "HCOUHXOT.n"
Thursday ; "MIGNON"
: lriday....-*_AVA"LLKRIA RUSTICAXA"
„ ••••••••• and "IPMiLIACCI"
Saturday Matinee ....." A RT I iA* •
! Saturday Night "LOU EN GRIN"
REPERTOIRE SECOND WEEK:
iM ° *_&_£ i'^-iS, I ,^ " ' lnd "CAVALLERIA
ttUsiIUAXA '
I Tuesday .. "MIGNON"
I wed. Matinee (at pop. prices) "JIAUTIU"
< Wednesday Night -'AID _"
Thursday "CABMEN"
! S_- d _J"-v; "FAUST"
i Saturday Matinee "TROVATOKE"
I Saturday Night "TANNHAUSER"
i
Vi THEATRE I «*•■£
ONLY 7 TIMES MORE !
IN I2d
A /_v ,SAT I CROWDED
by AY OLD I W EEK!
A GRAND wi—i-r ; ,|,
PACT KENTUCKY!
And the Pickaninny BAND Played On I
* This Is the Good-By Week.
Monday, February 3d— CORINNE,—
. rniCDLA^II<K)TTIOD-t.9-ui- > t.Ari3riAnA.Ui>-'-
AND OF
THE THEM
GREATEST ALL
"MEW AND WOMEN"
A BRILLIANT AUDIENCE!
A PACKED HOUSE!
And the Enthusiasm Knew No Bounds.
The Most Emphatic Hit Ye: Made by the
FRAWLEY^CO^
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
' Remember, One Week Only
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Same Prices— lsc, 25c, 50c and 750.
+*. ALCAZAR
Delightful Success of the New Comedy!
An Audience Filled with New Pleasure!
"A CASTING SCOUNDREL"
The Livery of Heaven to Serve the Devil.
Easily the Best Comedy To-day on the
American stage.
r Pronounced Hit of the Cast.
Nl**rht Prices— lOc, 15c. 25_. 35c, 50c.
Matinee Wednesday "Pop." Ice Cream and Cake,
Special Sat. and Sun. Mat, prices— loc, 15c, 26c,
Next-" THE ARABIAN NIGHTS."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mjta. _._.-._■■>•- ■._*_; Kbki.ino Proprietor dt -lahafac
I_j-___*ST NIGHTS
Of the Brilliant Success,
"l____LlO_NT!"
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, FEB. 3,
A New American Opera,
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE I"
Book by Estelle Clayton and Nym Crinkle.
Music by E. I. Darling. -
INDIAN, MEXICAN, COWBOY SCENES.
The '49 Mining Camp Fandango.
* * '• " — — • ■
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
'. ' MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production in This* House of Vincent and
Aldrlch's Sparkling Comedy Drama,
"THE EDITOR!"
If This Weather Makes You Blue
Come and See "The Editor."
Bftnrt Pkto__— 2sc and .*»■*_.
Family Circle and Galierr. 10a. . *•
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.'
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and P.-vsll.
" TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
! A BRILLIANT AUGMENTED BILL!
; MONS. DE BESSELL,
HEELEY AND MARBA,
; RACHEL WALKER
AND
.A PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE CO.
Reserved seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera cnalrt
■ and Box seats. 50c.
- CHUTE SHOOTING
AND TROLLEY TRIPPING
If Pleasant, Afternoon and Evening.
I ADMISSION -10 CENTS
Children (including ; Merry-Go- Ride), 10c.
';■ RACINGI RACING! RACINGI
-a9ED_
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY club.
:■:■'■;- WINTER MEETING ■
> Beginning Thursday, January 23,
5 BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
. Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine.
five OR MORE races EACH DAY.
r i Races start at _ :00 p. xt. sharp.
* a McAllister and Geary street car. pass the gate. '
> R. B. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
r Secretary. rresiUoat.
78
TEMPORAL POWER
OF THE POPE
Vicar-General Prendergast
Discusses the Subject .
at Length.
CLAIM OF THE CHURCH.
The City of Rome and Adjacent
Territory Are Alone an
Dispute.
A SERIES OF LECTURES.
They Will Deal With Church His
tory and Have No Connection
With the Controversy.
The first of the series of Midwinter lec
tures under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Educational Union was held at
Metropolitan Hall last night.
Very Rev. Father Prendergast, Vicar-
General, was the speaker of the evening.
His subject was "The Temporal Power of
the Pope." He said that the idea had
gone out that the meetings had been in
spired Dy the controversy. That was not
true. The idea of organizing a Pacific
school on lines similar to the Eastern
summer school and the New Orleans
winter school was decided on months ago.
"Indeed, so far as we are concerned,"
said the speaker, "it is unnecessary, for
the reading circles to come to the support
of our side of the controversy.
"The lectures will be educational in their
nature. If you came here for the purpose
of hearing popular and eloquent addresses
you have made a mistake, but if you have
come to learn something of the history of
your religion and the reasons for your
faith then you may not be disappointed."
Father Prendergast explained that he
intended to defend the claims of the Popes
to temporal power. He said that the sub
ject was evidently an uninteresting one to
the American mind since "We in America
have fixed ideas on the absolute segrega
tion of church and state. But Leo XIII, a
man of a vast wisdom, had not acquiesced
in the loss of his temporal right to govern
the strips of territory in Italy, including
the city of Rome, to which the church
long held claim."
Father Prendergast spoke substantially
as follows:
By the temporal power of the Pope may be
understood not only the civil sovereignty of
the Pope in the states of the church, but also
that eminent sovereignty claimed by many of
the medieval Popes over emperors and kings.
Some persons seem to confound the two pow
ers, or, at least, to consider them so closely
linked that the subversion of the one in 1370
meant the definitive extinction of the other.
But there is no necessary connection or inter
dependence of the two powers. When the Pope
intervened in the political affairs of nations in
certain great emergencies, he intervened, not
in his character of King of Rome, but in his
character as supreme chief of Christendom,
the interpreter and executor of the higher law.
In effect, with one or two transient interrup
tions, the Pope had never been so completely
king as he was from 1570 to 1S70; yet during
those three hundred years there was no inter
vention on his part in the political affairs of
nations. On the other hand, the first recorded
intervention of the kind antedated the posses
sion and recognition of the temporal sov
ereignty. The two powers, then, are different,
repose on different bases and have existed for
different purposes. One power had for its end
to guarantee the official liberty of the Pope as
supreme head of the church; the other to
check the absolutism of kings and sublect
even them to law— the Pope thus discharging a
function in medieval times analogous to the
function of the constitution in the modern
state.
Now, as the two subjects are distinct, and as
each opens upon us a wide field for historical
study and demands much time for its adequate
treatment, I confine myself this evening to the
subject of the temporal power— or, better, the
civil sovereignty— of the Pope in the ecclesias
tical states. It is not a subject to stir up en
thusiasm at the present day, and the discus
sion of it, as necessarily in a large degree his
torical, must be unavoidably tame. Withal it
is not a dead subject.
On contrary, it is living and. important
and of general interest. For the temporal
power is not a matter personal, to the Pope.
On the contrary, it has, as we shall see, a vital
bearing on his high prerogatives as head of the
church, on the sacred rights of souls, on the
cherished aspirations of Christian people, and,
strange to say. on the first principle of political
science in our day— the separation of church
and state.
In the first year of our era, the year one,
when Augustus reigned in glory "over the
mighty empire of Rome, a little boy was play
ing with other boys of his own age on the
sands oi the Sea of Galilee or on his father's
boat moored near the shore. He was the son
of a humble fisherman and his name' was
Simon. This boy was without friends, without
influence, without wealth, almost without even
a rudimentary education. He was" a child of
an obscure family in an obscure province, and
the future that awaited him was to live like his
father on the water. How wonderful are the
ways of the Almighty 1 That little bov 'was
destined in the divine mind to build a throne
near the throne of Augustus; to be the first in
a line of world-rulers, stretching unbroken
from the day of redemption to the day of doom ;
to establish a spiritual yet visible empire wide
as the world and enduring as time.
In the fifteenth year of the reign of the Em
peror Tiberius, successor of Augustus, when
the little boy had become a man, a person who
had come down to the earth from his home of
light in the far-off worlds passed one day by
the lake and said to Simon: "Come and fol
low me and I will make thee a fisher of men."
And Simon left all things and followed hita.
He had been with him for a year or two when
this marvelous scene occurred: "And Jesus
came into the quarters of Ceserea Philippi, and
he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men
say that the Son of Man is? But they said:
Some John the Baptist, and others some Elias,
and others Jeremies or one of the prophets.
Jesus saith to them, But whom do you say that
I am? Simon Peter answered and said, Thou
art Christ, the son of -the living God. And
Jesus answering, said to him. Blessed art
thou, Simon Uarjona, because flesh and blood
hath not revealed it to thee, but my Father
who is in heaven. , And I say to thee that thou
art Peter, and upon this rock I will build mv
church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail
against it. And I will give to thee the keys of
the kingdom of "heaven, and whatsoever thou
shalt bind on earth shall be bound also in
heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on
earth it shall be loosed also 'in heaven."
(Matthew xvi.) Jesus died and rose from
the dead, and gave his apostles their commis
sion to teach all nations.
Now. where should the priest stride if not in
the midst of his flock? And where should a
bishop dwell if not in the chief city of his di
ocese? And where should Peter, the pastor of
the entire fold, and that fold the world, estab
lish his primatial tee if not in the capital of
the world— in Rome? Accordingly, when he
had tarried long enough in Jerusalem and An
nuel* to organize the Church of Christ in East
ern lands, he turned his eyes to the West, and,
alone or with only one or two companions and
without any outward sign of his more than im
perial rank, about the fortieth year of the
Christian era, Peter, a wayworn stranger, en
tered the gales of the Eternal City. Thus there
were two high priests in Rome: Claudius, the
Emperor, was the high priest of paganism
(high priest was one of the Emperor's titles),
and Peter, as Christ's vicar and in Christ's
place, was the high priest of Christianity.
The inevitable war soon began. Peter was
crucified by Nero and about thirty of Peter's
successors were slain by the successors of
Nero. Emulating the example of their divine
master those first Popes gave up their lives for
the salvation of man and put on the martyr's
robe. '
During the long period of the persecutions,
that is, for about 250 years, the Popes, need
less to say, possessed no temporal power.
With tiie conversion of Constantine in the
year 131 a new era dawned on the church.
in particular, and as a matter germane to our
subject, the Christ inn Emperors clothed the
bishops with considerable civil, jurisdiction,
for the reason that they, and they only, were
found to possess the moral and mental qualifi
cations for administering justice and otherwise
promoting the well-being of the people. On
this point it is interesting to hear the Pro
testant Guizot.- In his '-History of Civilization
in Europe he says: "From the fifth century
the clergvhad powerful means of Influence.
They had'beeome the chief municipal magis
trates. '
•'The municipal system was, strictly, speak
ing, all that remained of the Roman, empire;
such were the vexations of despotism and the
ruin of the cities, that the curiales, or mem
bers of the city corporations, had fallen into
discouragement and apathy. The bishops, on
the contrary, and the priests, full of life and
zeal, naturally offered themselves to superin
tend and manage everything. It would be ab
surd to blame them for it, or tax them with
usurpation; the natural course of things would
have it so; the clergy alone were morally alive
and vigorous; it became powerful everywhere;
such is the law of the universe. And the
Christian church has powerfully contributed
since that time to the development of modern
civilization."
In order to understand how the Popes rose
from the subordinate position of civil magis
trates under the Emperor to the eminence of
civil sovereignty in their own right, it is nec
essary to recall and place distinctly before our
minds a low events in the history of Italy from
Constantine to Charlemagne.
First— The most important fact we must note
is the transfer of the capital of the empire
from Rome to Constantinople. This was
effected by Constantino soon after he had em
braced the Christian faitn. I say this was im
portant. It was preparing the ground for the
rise of the temporal power of the Pope. For,
as in Christianity, church and state are sepa
rate, so by removing the capital of the empire
to Constantinople Constantine separated the
capital of the empire from the capital of th©
church. Thenceforth, by the Emperor's own
act, the one conspicuous figure in Rome and
Italy was the Pope.
Second— ln consequence of the vast extent
of the empire and of the pressure oi hostile
forces on its borders, upon the death of Con
stantine two emperors were appointed to rule
it, one in the east and the other in the west.
The empire was not divided into two— re
mained a political unit; the government or
administration only became a duality. Now,
it is noteworthy that the emperors who rnled
in the west respected the precedent set
by Constantine; they did not take up their
residence in old Rome. They, like him, left
Rome to the Pope; but they selected for their
imperial dwelling-place iirst Milan and after
ward Revenna. r "•" *•*• 7 .
Third— ln the year 476, one hundred and
fifty years after Constantine had left Rome for
Consiantinopole, Western Europe was lost ir
retrievably to the Roman empire and became
the prey of barbarian invaders. The last Em
peror of the West, Romulus Augustulus, a mere
child, was seized by the barbarian chief,
Odoacer, and stripped of his title, and the im
perial insignia were sent to tho Emperor at
Constantinopole. But as the empire was
always one undivided organization, when the
Emperor in the West had disappeared, the Em
peror in the East became de facto and de jure
the ruler of the whole Roman world, and,
therefore, of such parts of the fallen West as he
was able to save from the domination of the
barbarians. Thus it came to pass that the Em
peror of Constantinople had a representative
in Italy. This representative was called an
Exarch, or Governor. In the Emperor's name
he ruled over such portions of Italy as the bar
barians had failed to conquer. Now, the Ex
archs, too, made their home in Ravenna, not
in Rome, for three hundred years, that is, from
the fall of the empire in the West in 47«, until
the year 740. when the last Exarch fled to
Naples and Ravenna was taken by the Lom
bards.
Fourth— ltis a singular fact that the bar
barians, too, never encamped in Rome. They
were all irresistibly drawn to Rome; most of
them saw it; some ot them spoiled and de
stroyed it; but none of them settled within its
walls. It seemed as if no secular power couia
dwell at ease for any length of time in that
city, which had become and was destined to
remain through the ages the city of Peter.
1 have referred to the barbarians. These
were tribes that for centuries poured over
Europe from the East. Some of them gradually
adopted the elements of Christianity and
civilization; others retained their native
character to the last. Confining our retrospect
to Italy, that beautiful country was overrun by
the Goths, the Huns, the Vandals, the Lom
bards. The Pope was in Rome, the Emperor in
Constantinople, the Exarch— the Emperor's
representative— in Ravenna: the barbarians
were in Northern and Central Italy.
Now, what did the Emperor do for Rome,
what did his Exarch do during the long and
troubled period of the invasions? Those Em
perors of Constantinople were a curious lot.
In their own eyes they were great theolo
gians. They usurped the right to defend the
faith; yet by a singular fatality they were
always on the wrong side. They invariably
embraced, abetted, fostered every heresy that
sprung from the subtle Greek mind, from
Ariauism to Iconoclasm, and they were more
intent on persecuting the Popes and the Catho
lics of Italy than in protecting them against
the barbarian foe. In fact, the Emperors did
nothing to protect Rome; on the contrary, they
oppressed it. "I cannot tell you," writes St.
Gregory the Great, "all that we have to suffer
here from the Exarch. 1 will say in one
word that his tyranny does us more Injury
than the arms of the Lombards. We almost
prefer the enemies who kill us to the officers of
the empire who consume us by their frauds
and extortions."
The real defenders of Rome were the Popes.
These Popes were of Roman blood and had the
spirit of ancient Rome. They were all great
men. They had in their favor the prestige of
their high office and of their glorious deeds.
Around them in the day of danger the people
gathered as children in fear around their
father. They became in spite of themselves
and by the course of events civil, as they were
PAUL B. HAY, SECRETARY OF THE EDUCATIONAL UNION.
[Sketched from life by a "Call - artist.]
! by the divine law religious, chiefs and rulers.
And all this went on in Rome with the knowl
i edge and approval, sometimes at the pressing
; instance, of the Emperors at Constantinople.
j Instead of hurthenfng your memories with
many facts in justification of the statements I
! have made let me place before your minds two
1 scenes in portrayal of the age we are reviewing.
One of these scenes is the meeting of Attila
and Pope Leo; the other is St. Gregory the
! Great preaching the funeral oration of the
, -fallen city of Rome. It was about the
j year 450. Breathing double vengeance against
! Rome because of his defeat the preceding year
I at the Battle of the Nations in France, Attila,
I the Scourge of God. was leading his Huns to-
I ward the Eternal City. Attila was a terrible
terrible in appearance and terrible in
his work of destruction— for he had trampled
i the world under his feet; but now he was to
! encounter a new foe, the like of whom he had
I never seen before. St. Leo, the Pope, with only
! two attendants, went forth fearlessly from
j Rome to meet Attila, the vicar of . God to meet
I the self-styled Scourge of God. I Wonderful to
. relate, the King of the Huns quietly retraced
his steps and left Italy forever.
The other scene is Pope St. Gregory, about
the year 600, standing aloft over the far-lying
ruins of Rome and preaching the funeral ora
tion of the empire in the west. "I; we look
around us," he said, "we- see nothing but
mourning; if we listen we hear but groans on
all sides. The towns are destroyed, the castles
are overturned, the fields are < wasted, the
earth has become a solitude. =■ There are no
longer any inhabitants In the country, and
scarcely any in the towns; yet still the rem
nant of the human race is being struck down
daily and without intermission. Some are
dragged into captivity, some perish on the
scaffold, others are massacred. Such is the
spectacle our eyes : are forced ,to look upon.
Rome herself, the queen of the world, we see
all that remains of her. She is overwhelmed
under manifold and immense woes by the
desolation of her citizens, the marks of the
ravages of her enemies and the abundance of
her ruins. here is the Senate? Where is the
people? Her homes are dried up, her flesh is
wasted away, all her worldly pomp and glory
have departed; and we, the few who survive,
live amidst alarms; innumerable tribulations
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
REV. EDWARD P. DEM PSEY,, PRESIDENT OF THE EDUCATIONAL UNION.
[From a photograph.]
sweep over us; our sighs and tears are renewed
every day. Rome is a waste— a wilderness in
flames. , Her inhabitants have vanished; her
edifices are in ruins.
"Once more.where are they who prided them
selves in the monuments of her glory? Where
is their pride? here are the vain pleasures
which reveied within her precincts? what the
prophet says ot Judea has happened to her:
'Thou shalt be as bald as an eagle.' She is bald
as an eagle, for she has lost her feathers —
that is, her people. Her feathers have fallen
from her wings, with which she used to dart
upon her prey; her valiant sons are no more,
who formerly covered her with foreign spoil."
And so the mistress of the nations was laid in
the tomb!
In 740 the Lombard King, Astolphus, cap
tured Ravenna, the seat of the Exarch, and
the Exarch fled to Naples. This was the down
fall and end of the dominion of the Emperor
of Constantinople^ Italy. It was then that,
at the solicitation of Pope Stephen, Pepin, the
father of Charlemagne, twice crossed the Alps
into Italy, twice defeated the Lombard**, and
under the solemn sanction of an oath com
pelled the Lombard King to restore to the
church and to the Roman state the towns and
territories he had seized. In 773 Charlemagne,
upon the invitation of Pope Adrian I, entered
Italy and completed the work of his father,
Pepin. He broke up the Lombard monarchy,
consolidated and enlarged the temporal do
main of the church, and, before the altar of St.
Peter's in Rome, bound himself under oath to
preserve to the church the states he had re
stored to it.
It is an error to suppose that Pepin and
Charlemagne created and lounded the temporal
sovereignty of the Pope. That sovereignty had
long existed de facto. When the last frail
bond that bound Rome to Constantinople was
broken by the flight of the Exarch from
Ravenna the slow work of centuries was con
summated and the Pope became the acknowl
edged chief of the Roman state. Carlovingean
emperors effected simply a restoration. This
is their own language and the language, too. of
contemporary writers in narrating their inven
tion.
Gibbon, the historian, certainly an authority
free from even the suspicion of partiality to
the church, declares that the temporal "do
minion of the Popes was founded upon a
thousand years of veneration, and that their
grandest title to sovereignty was the free
choice of a people delivered by them from
servitude.
Before leaving the history of the origin, de
velopment and final establishment of the tem
poral sovereignty of the Popes it may be well
to refer to what is known in medieval history
as the Donation of Constantine. This is a pre
tended deed by which the Emperor Constan
tine is made to grant to the Pope all Italy and
all the western provinces of the empire as his
civil domain. The deed is a forgery. It was
unknown in Italy before the eleventh century
and in France before the ninth century.
Nevertheless, for several centuries after its
publication it was considered genuine, and
was alleged as the historic basis of the Papal
sovereignty. But that this spurious donation
! of Constantine had nothing to do with the
| sovereignty of the Pope is evident to any one
| familiar with the series of complicated events
I which issued in the creation of the temporal
J power. In effect the deed was not forged until
I the Pope had already been king; the temporal
j power had existed before the deed existed, and
I the Popes never claimed the wide temporal
i jurisdiction over ; Western Europe with
which that instrument would have invested
them. ..• - ; ,-*."- ••
The temporal sovereignty of the Pope lasted
from 750 to 1870— more than 1000 years. In
JBOO tiie Italian Government seized on the
outlying provinces of the patrimony of St.
Peter and annexed them to the kingdom of
Italy. In 1870 they completed the annexa
tion of the patrimony; Rome was taken by
Italy anl the scepter from the hand of the
Pope.
Now it ig well known that the Pope does not
acquiesce in the loss of the temporal power. It
is not that the kiugly crown has any charms
for him. If the possession of the temporal
power were a personal consideration and noth
ing more, a personal honor and distinction,
the Pope no doubt would rejoice to be released
from its preoccupations and responsibilities
in order to give his time and energies, undi
vided, to the care of all the churches. But the
Pope knows well that it is not a personal mat
ter, but one that involves the independence of
bis office, and the right, divinely given, of free
communication between the father and his
children. Indeed, paradoxical though it be,
the temporal power involves the principle of
the separation of church and state and the lib
erty of the religious and civil authorities in
their respective spheres. For surely it avails
nothing to assert and proclaim the supremacy
of the state in the civil domain, and the su
premacy of the church in the religious domain,
if the state can effectually hinder the legiti
mate action of the church, or the church the
legitimate action of the state. Hence the man
who said, "Church and state must be united
in Rome in order that they may be separated
the world over"— the man who said this was &
man of large philosophic mind. But do not
misunderstand him. When we assert the ne
cessity of the temporal independence of the
Pope as a condition of his spiritual iodepeu
dence, do not permit your imagination to run
away with you. Do not conjure up a vast em
pire, and a mighty army, and Popes like
Caliphs. •
No, only a territory just large enough for Its
purpose, a small territory, a religious District
of Columbia for ail the states of the Catholic
world, a sacred district belonging to no nation
yet belonging to-all, the' peaceful home of the
common father of the Christian family where
all his children may draw around him, the
safe place of assembly for the law-makers and
high judges of the universal church.
That is the idea; let us see ii it is a reasonable
idea.
With hardly an exception, bishops have
spiritual authority and jurisdiction only in
one nation and over one people. It is different
with the Pope. He has charge of the entire
fold of Christ, and therefore must exercise
power and authority in many nations. At this
moment it would be difficult to name acountry
in which Pope Leo's jurisdiction is not recog
nized and obeyed by some portion of the popu
lation, if not by all.
Now, what will be the inevitable conse
quence if the Pope, who has authority in many
nations, be the subject of one nation? If the
Pope were a German subject, living in Berlin
near the Emperor William, think you the
French would stand it for an hour? Or place
the Pope in London, a good Englishman —
Cardinal Vaughn for example — how long
would Ireland be proof against the strain on
her historic fidelity? Or would the German
rulers tolerate the dependence of 15,000,000
of German Catholics on a citizen of the French
republic and of Paris? Or, if there were war
between Italy and France, and the Pope were
a subject and citizen of Italy (which he now is
not), would. the French bear the Pope's rule
with becoming confidence and respect and sub
mission? ;-.. /?.",.;
Napoleon spoke for all governments and
countries when he said: "The Pope is not at
Paris, and it is well he is not; neither is he at
Madrid or.Vienna, and that is why we endure
his spiritual authority. At Vienna or Madrid
they can say the same. We should thus be
glad that he lives far away from us and that
he does not live with our rivals. Ages have
been necessary to arrange matters thus, and
they have been well arranged." To see the
force of the argument substitute London and
Berlin for Madrid and Vienna.
If facts are required to corroborate this view,
that is, the unwillingness of a nation to be
subject in any degree to the citizen of another
nation, the facts are not lacking. Thus the
Russian church was long under the jurisdic
tion of the Greek patriarchs of Constantinople,
but when Russia grew to be a great country,
with great aims, she would no longer tolerate
any dependence on a man who was under the
hand of a foreign power. Severing the old tie,
she lodged the supreme authority over the
Russian church, first in the hands of a Rus
sian patriarch, afterward in the Holy Synod at
St. Petersburg. . , ;
For centuries the Greeks of the present king
dom of Greece were subject to the patriarch of
Constantinople, but as soon as they won their
independence they would no longer acknowl
edge him as their religious chief and they set
up a supreme authority of their own at Athens,
their capital. i
This reasoning, no doubt, supposes the pri
macy jure divino of the Pope over the kingdom
of our Lord. But short of this supposition, the
reasoning should be deemed valid and conclu
sive by those who deplore the sad divisions of
Christendom and look for reunion. Who can
desire to see new divisions added to the old?
But the civil subjection of the Pope to any
Government would powerfully tend to snap
the bonds that now hold Catho"ltc countries in
the unity of the faith, and . thus multiply the
number of isolated and fragmentary Christian
ities.
However, it is objected that as St. Peter had
no temporal sovereignty, the Pope should
have none. St. Peter certainly had no tem
poral power; but they who take this ground
forget to add that St. Peter was crucified by
Nero, the head of the Roman state. Now it
might be a good thing for the successor of St.
Peter to be arrested, imprisoned, exiled,
martyred; but it might. not be such a good
thing for us. The sheep need a shepherd, a
shepherd living end free. Moreover, the
necessity of the temporal power is due to the
rivalries and jealousies of nations." This, at
least, is only reason and an' intelligible reason,
for asserting its necessity. - But in St. Peter's
day and for centuries thereafter there were no
rivalries of the kind because there were no
nations. There was but one nation, the world
embracing empire of Rome. *
Another ground of. objection to the principle
of the political independence of the Pope is
the incompatibility between the duties of a
secular ruler and the duties of the chief pastor
of souls. This objection is, I think, fatal to the
idea of making the Pope the lord of an exten
sive state. But who has ever entertained that
idea? As to the cares of a small principality,
the Pope would be better off without them if
any other means could be devised to guard his
independence and liberty in the spiritual or
der, but no other plan has ever been proposed
for that most important end. The Pope, there
fore, must submit to -whatever disadvantages
the temporal power entails for the sake of the
paramount advantages it insures.
But some one may say the Pope has no civil
sovereignty at present, yet he seems to dis
charge the duties of his high office not only
without inconvenience but with unprece
dented independence and full apostolic lib
erty. To this I reply that the existing arrange
ment is a hollow one. inasmuch as it leaves the
Pope at the mercy of the Italian Government.
What Is this arrangement?
In 1871 tbe Italian Parliament, then sitting
at Florence, adopted the laws of the Guaran
tees, thus called because these laws were en
acted to secure the personal inviolability and
official liberty of the Pope. Reduced to. their
true value these laws simply declare the per
son of the Pope Inviolable, place offenses
against the Pope in the same category, with of
fenses against the king, give the Pope the right
of free communication with the Catholic world
and the enjoyment, whatever that may be, of
the Vatican and Lateran palaces. "
Now these laws read well, but they have one
fatal flaw; they are laws of the Guarantees,
but they guarantee nothing. Had the Parlia
ment of Italy secured to the Holy Father Rome
and the Ager Romanus, or territory lying
around Rome, declared this new ecclesiastical
state inviolable," and, above : all, placed the
Pope and his small principality under the joint
protectorate of Europe, then, indeed, the head
of the church would nave some real and per
manent security.
As it is, the Italian Parliament can in a
moment recall and abolish guarantees which
depend wholly on the good will of the Parlia
ment; and if . there were— l will not say war
but any grave complication between Italy and
any other European power, itis quite probable
the Jaws of the guarantees would be thrown to
the winds if the Pope sought to maintain, as
ho ought to maintain, an attitude ot absolute
neutrality between the two and, consequently,
friendly intercourse with Italy's unfriendly
neighbor.
There is, however, a final difficulty in the
way of accepting the principle of the temporal
sovereignty ot the Pope, and to many it ap
pears to be the only difficulty, but a formid
able difficulty. It is this: If we long to see
Rome restored to the Pope and the Eternal City
once more and for all time what it has been for
a thousand years— the capital Of Catholicism
how ere we to reconcile i the conflicting claims
of the church and of Italy? ~' r ßfytmi&Bg_
Well, I trust I can say with truth that we
yield.hardly to the Italians themselves in our
admiration for their country and in our desire
for its happiness and glory.
*. Italy is the cradle-land. •of modern civiliza
tion and ncr sons etand among the immortal
men of all ages and all climes. Italy is the
motherland of th ' Fft ßh. It is the native land
of St. Francis, St. Paul of the Cross, St. Philip
Ncr" and other saints whose names are imper
ishable and whose spiritual children are every
where held in veneration. It is the native
land, too, of the Gregorys, and the Innocents,
and the Leos— of that first Leo, who triumphed
over Attila and turned the destroying torrent
back on its course, and of another Leo, who, in
the nineteenth century, emulates his deeds. It
is the land of the virgins and confessors and
martyrs of old, of the long array of heroic souls
who suffered and died for Christ and conse
crated the city 0 -* Rome with their sufferings
and their blood, and who now
Beneath God's throne repose,
Nor to us their kind eyes close,
Nor their gracious ears.
Italy can never be as great and prosperous
as we wish it to be. But would the segrega
tion of a small part of her domain, would the
existence in the interest of the world of a re
ligious District of Columbia within her borders
be an injury to her ? Would it not rather en
hance her glory to have upon her shores the
capital of Catholicism, and the father and
peaceful ruler of more than 200,000,000 of
men ?
Looking at the matter in a commercial
light, would it not be a material advantage to
Italy to have, every year, thousands of people
from all part.-* of the earth, many of them neo
ple of means, passing over her historic soil
from city to city on their way to Rome, to lay
their homage before the Vicar of their Lord ?
And thus in a very true and very real sense,
Italy would always have Rome.
IN PRISON AND HOSPITAL.
Members of the Woman's Federa
tion Present Their
Reports.
Mrs. Bruner Says a Butcher's Knife
and a Saw Represent the
Receiving Hospital.
The Woman's Federation held a long
and lively meeting yesterday, at which
enough grievances were aired to prove
that the rain had not dampened the ardor
of the reformers.
Mrs. J. B. Bruner, the chairman of the
hospital committee, gave a harrowing ac
count of a visit to the Receiving Hospital.
"The doctors were all away and only a lot
of students were about the place," she
said. "The boys showed us their instru
ments and saia that they were all very old
and imperfect. They were hanging up,
exposed to the corroding influence of the
damp air. . 7P'p/;.T
"The head surgeon gets $100 a month
and the man who drives the ambulance
wagon $90. They need an operating-table,
but the City is too poor to buy one, and
Section of the Tottering Wall in the Yard at the North Cosmopolitan School.
women, delicate women, have to be oper
ated upon on a table that a filthy China
man may have been occupying half an
hour previously ; and the operating-room \
has swinging doors, so that any one can |
look into it."
"And not a woman about the place," j
said Mrs. French.
| "And any of us liable to be taken there,"
cried the ladies in a chorus. '■■
. The report of > the committee on prisons
contained some statements which the I
members of the federation earnestly ex- I
horted the press representatives not to I
publish for fear of prematurely antagoniz- ]
ing the police. The statements were rela- j
tive to the crowding of some boys into the !
cells occupied by women. In the course |
of the discussion Mrs. Bates said she i
thought they treated dogs more kindly at
the City Hall than they did human be- !
ings, for a stray, dog of hers had received j
every kindness and attention from the
Police Department. :
j Mrs.* Eyster unrolled about four feet of ;
manuscript, which -she said she had re- ,
ceived from a member of the Civic Federa
tion, and would like to present it in the
form of a resolution. .
"That comes under the head of com
munications," said Mrs. French.
"Oh! No. It >- was a • communication
made to me, a personal one, and I prefer
to present it in the form of a resolution."
Having gained her point, the treasurer of
the federation . read | resolutions indorsing
Philip and Mrs. Weaver, and urging that
they retained at the Almshouse. "Mrs.
Weaver is one of the highest exponents of
womanhood, she is on the same mental
and moral plane with ourselves, and she
has cut down the expenses in the living at
the Almshouse. The old people out there
cost the county less than they used to do,"
concluded Mrs. Eyster.
.Mrs. French said: "It is our place to
find cut the truth of the matter. I know
that a great many complaints have been
handed in of Mr. and Mrs. Weaver, and
though I have not investigated the Alms
house, these reports have not seemed very
favorable to me. Do we know, enough
about the matter to take sides?"
Some of the speakers who followed Mrs.
French were sure j they knew, enough to
take sides, others deprecated any action
before investigating. Mrs. Eyster's reso
lution I was finally referred to the com
mittee on public institutions.
Mrs. French' read a suggestion from an
ex-undertaker, proposing that the federa
tion start a woman's undertaking rooms.
The idea was hailed , as a good business
proposition, and Mrs. Bruner, Mrs. Patti
son and -Mrs. , F. P. Matherson were ap
pointed a committee to inaugurate and
report on the feasibility of the scheme. .
Mrs. ; Eyster read i a : letter from a lady
friend of hers, who she said, was in finan
cial straits. The lady offered to give up
the use of her furniture, a3 well .as her
services, if the federation would accept the
use of both for a headquarters. After a
long discussion, in ■'' the course of which
Mrs. Eyster stated there was only $22 in
the treasury of the federation," it was de
cided to defer further action.
■*~ — -, 7' *"..**.' ' —
The perpendicularity of monuments is
affected by the rays of the sun. I The heat
on one side causes the material to expand.
The Gift of a Good Stomach
Is one of trie most beneficent donations vouchsafed
to us by nature.* How often it is grossly abused!
Whether the stomach ;is ' naturally ' weak, or has
been rendered so by imprudence In eating or drink
ing, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters Is the best acent
for Its restoration to vigor and activity. . Both di
gestion and appetite are renewed by this flne tonic,
which also ' overcomes constipation, biliousness,
malarial, kidney and rheumatic ailments and ner
vousness. - :-.-- - '.-: ■ - : ..-,.. 
TOTTERING SCHOOL WALL
It ; Hangs Threateningly Over
the North Cosmopolitan
Schoolyard.
QUESTIONABLE CONTRACT WORK
Miss Mackenzie. Says It Was Begun
Leisurely, but Was Ended in
a Rush.
The protruding and cracked surface of
the sustaining wail at tbe North Cosmo
politan School building hangs over the
children at play like a shadow qf death.
To the right of the flight of stairs leading
from the yard up to the sidewalk the wall
front bends over considerably from the
weight of the earth behind it. and large
seams have started, splitting the concrete
an inch or more.
Some months apo the yard was bitumin
ized, but the bitumen has sunk down in
several places ranging in depth from six
inches to two feet. Around the foot of the
stairs this feature is most noticeable,
where there exists a cavity so deep that a
small-sized boy would have no difficulty in
crawling out.
Miss Margaret Mackenzie, principal of
the school, said last evening:
"The wall was certainly very poorly con
structed and bas caused me a great deal
of anxiety of late. I noticed that cracks
began to appear- in the wall along the
girls' side about two months ago, but
these have not increased very much
in size. The wall, however, is low
there and not so much • danger
would exist anyway. But on the boys'
side where the wall is at least fifteen feet
high, the cracks have grown larger with
an alarming rapidity. When I first men
tioned the matter to Mr. Henderson the
crack next to the toilet, rooms was
only about an inch wide, but now a
man could easily insert his arm
without difficulty. The contractors, Thomas
Brannon & tons, dragged the work at first,
and then when the time set for the com
pletion drew near they rushed along re
gardless of conscience.
"In the first place I do not think that
the earth drawn into the yard to fill it to
its present level was tamped down nearly
enough. This is the cause of the large
holes which appear in the bituminous
rock floor. " 77"i'l^;"~--.^
"When the large crack appeared in the
sustaining wall the architect, Mr. Havens,
took out some of the concrete, and finding
it below the standard stopped further
work on the grounds.
"Because of this the sidewalk has never
been laid, as the City considered such
labor useless, owing to the worthless con
dition of the wall.
"Then again, I have a strong protest to
make regardinp the manner in which the
boys' rooms, which extend under the side
walk, were built. The men who laid the
bricks there were entirely too economical
with mortar. And I have had some
anxiety as to whether these rooms were
sufficiently strong and substantial.
•'.But at present we exercise a vigilant
care oyer the pupils, and I have forbidden
the boys from playing around these walls
at all. •■..*-,.. ■•*•■;•.,* ■■:.*.
"Fortunately we have a large basement
to the school, which in an emergency of
this kind serves for a yard."
Mr. Henderson, Mr. McElroy and Build
ing Inspector Kincaid examined the wall
yesterday and pronounced it to be in a
very precarious condition. Mr. Hender
son remarked that all that kept it from
falling was the staircase.
WAS FILED TOO LATE.
A Suit for Office "Lost on Account
of Too Much Delay.
The : contest of William H. Carlson for
the position of John P. Burt as Assessor
of San Diego County has been decided by
the Supreme Court in accordance with the
judgment of the lower court, which denied
the claims of Carlson.
The election was held on Tuesday, No
vember 6, 1894, before the Monday suc
ceeding the date when the pre
cinct boards had made their returns
and the Supervisors of the county
had commenced to canvass the re
turns. On November 19 the result of the
canvass was entered and on December 29
the complaint against Burt's election was
filed. ■:■■■■■
The complaint was filed forty-six days
after the board proceeded with" the can
vass. The question then arose whether
the day upon which the result of the DM
vass : was announced. or the day upon
which the returns were made was tie
proper ~ time from which to count tho
statutory forty days in which a contest is
allowed to be filed. The Supreme Court
holds that the "return day" of an election
is the day upon : . Which the letuins are
made, and consequently the Contest was
tiled too late. l*^j&**^?^^c_^f^li____Bili
Young: Men* Gymnastic Club.
In his lecture last Friday night, Rabbi Fryer
of Bush-street Temple called at torn lon to \ th«
fact of the necessity of organtulnu I uvmnsMic
club. An attempt at onrantiatiou will be
made to-night at 8 o'clock nt tlu< auxiliary
rooms of the Bush-street Temple. All pcrsout
interested are requested to attend.
NEW TO-DAT.
#»S^i J _f»Slwf* !
*_^(L_f_s^v^__J___i^^_s^&_n.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San' Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
diseases of the head, throat, limits, heart, siom-
j ach. liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
. varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or par. loss of sexual power In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. failing memory und all the distress-
' ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anl permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
, ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles If living away from the
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
. San Francisco, CaL
: |ral -f^Ua,
of Standard Shirts carried by
all dealers. All the sizes and sleeve lengths
to insure a good fit. No other shirt stock so
complete. Look for the Trade Mark.
NEUSTADTER BROS., Mfrs., S. F.
fISL_I!^WARD
for any case of Catarrh or Rheuma-
tism we fail to cure. Treatment by
our own physician including medi-
— ss per month. Treatment by
mail also. FERRY DRUG CO.. 8 Market St.
! ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonds.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-i-' proposals will be received by the undersigned
! up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
j 1896, for the purchase of thirty-two i'A'Xi Kings
i County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively -
J from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both inclusive. of
j the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day of January,
i 1906, or at any time before that date, at the
; pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
• States, with Interest thereon at the rate of four (_)
I per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
I first day of January and on the first day of July of
i each year. Bonds and Interest payable at ihe office
> of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
j "Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1893,
and January 6, 1896, and under authority con-
' ferred upon said board by tbe provisions of and in
; accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
j State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
, Uniform system of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March 'XX, 1893.
| None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
; I value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
i thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
" pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
! Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
I Courthouse Bonds."
. By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
1 Kings County. , W. H. SLAVIN,
1 -* County Treasurer.
I ' —
•""■""-•■■■■■■■■___________________B___P»JP
! A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
. 30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
,■ tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
' curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
i sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
' Room 1, 632 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pll CC ITCHING PILES
Lg^SVMYNE'S
U ____ l_G3 V£S/ flflNTiyiCMT
•I ABSOLUT3LT CURBS. Wl " I lflfc-1 I
L SYMPTOMS- Motnt-re; Intense ltehlnc and
, (tinging* -tout at night; -ornebyir -_totaTn_. If
Allowed to continue tumor, form and protrude,
! which often bleed nnd ulcerate, becoming Terr
•ore. SWATHE'S OINTMENT »top« the Itching
led bleeding, heals ulceration, and In most «_•_> .
t rane-rea the tumor*. jour di__»i»i tor It.
I ' ~"
3 __. - i 7 IRON BEDS,
t pf— -. "*■* BRASS BEDS,
f! -. **, FOLDING BEDS,
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
i i fffffH Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
1 I { ffiipiiif • Commodes, Back Rests
J l_^U V llllllff ' W. A. SCHROCK,
1 L " "*~"^T A Now Montgomery
:■.;.*.■- V m.. under Grand
", A Hotel, *">. F.
■ *** JB p&M _s*_ P n ?"*_ *_Jl Q 8 __ u»%> ft _*_ i
t IMj IflJJ* ____________-L-D---M
raUIHC Villi Sore Tcroat. Pimples, Copper-
r B|nAVt lUU Colored Spots. Aches .Old Sorest
. ■uiccra In Mo.th, Ha_--V_:il__! *.% rlto COOK J
' HBEMEDY CO.. 307 "ilnsonlc Temple JM
I !_sChlco„o, in.. for proofs of c, **'• Cupi-W
»stal, BSOO.OOO. Worst CiseE cured in l&B
5 Bto 35 d»_*». 100-page boot free. J
: TfIEHAR * ••"'I"""" refreshing fW
I filSlilK fruit loten^c,
I fl 111 rill very agreeable to take.
s I CONSTIPATION
,r _,'■_.*'_* __". : _ __.''._ hemorrhoid.*, bile,
'I I _kl fl I _. Bl loss of appetite, irastrlc aa.
-In Ia I __. fa Intestinal troubles and
g ■■■ __i I •■ ■■ headache arising
q from them.
3 I_RI I ON S3 Ku " <iM*S Pari*
Willit UV 11 Hold by all Drugglata.
8 . ... '
- m__*___ WII.COX COMPOUND
- Tp\NSYwxP/US
1 ■ i ™, «.•»«* and SURE. Always reliable. Talcs-
e nosubstitute. Foraalaby aXldruttirists. lioa Send
0 «Cf.r!l_m:»n , *.*iVei*vijrrt. WILCOX ■sPECI-TO
I I 00 ..*:■• SOUTH iii.iii'Hsr.,i'HiUbA„f_,
i i^-_______fe___^r
- V "PATENTS, $
V___^22o MARKET S^s!^£__/
I WBK. TO ilU*sasi_u?ss
, and Imiwovementa, for approved Re.ii K«t_t«
r NV'MMKR of monthly installments to FINITE
■ Mm B Hof monthly Installments to suit bor-
I IN M - i*M I M* CO., m Montgomery St.; 6, F.LOST, STOLEN
OR BOUGHT UP
Mysterious Disappearance
of the Pattison
Report.
IS NOW OUT OF SIGHT.
Mayor Sutro Tries to Get the
Railroad's Confesssion of
Guilt.
J. H. BARRY HELPS HIM OUT.
Nearly Ninety Thousand Books Miss
ing From Public and Private
Libraries.
A startling as well as puzzling state of
affairs has been discovered in connection
with the recent hearing before Judge Mc-
Kenna of the railroad injunction suit to
restrain the Railroad Commission from re
ducing freight rates.
The affidavits filed by President La Rue
on behalf of the commission were based
principally upon the testimony taken in
ISB7 by the Congressional committee and
embodied in what is known as the Pattison
report on the Pacific and aided railroads.
This report, so far as the affairs of the Cen
tral Pacific and Southern Pacific com
panies and their various branches are con
cerned, is contained in six voluminous
books, the value of which is incalculable
just now by reason of the puzzling state
of affairs heretofore alluded to.
There were 1500 reports published by
Congress, giving the full testimony of C.
P. Huntington, Iceland Stanford and their
associates and employes, showing how
money had been spent with a lavish hand,
buying up adverse legislation, and how !
the building of the Central Pacific road
had cost double what it should have cost,
causing an inflation of expenditures on !
which the company is now seeking to base
its freight rates, to the detriment of the
people of California. There were nearly
90,000 volumes of these reports.
The books were sent broadcast, but
principally to Californians, who cherished
them as the only documentary evidence
on which they could rely as a public
record exposing the corruption of the
railroad.
They were filed away in public and pri
vate libraries and were there forgotten for
the time being, until the present suit re
called their existence. Then the owners
of libraries went digging among their
shelves to refresh their memories, and it
is safe to state that nine out of ten men
who were positive of being the possessors
of these important volumes discovered
tbat they had disappeared.
Senator Stephen M. White two weeks
ago learned that his reports were missing,
and he wired from Washington that an
other set be purchased and sent to him.
His friends here ransacked all the book
stores and private libraries without suc
cess, and Mr. White will have to go on
with his fight against the funding bill
without the aid he requires. ■'.•"
It appears that the books have disap
peared from the Government library at
Washington.
They are not to be obtained at the Pub
lic Library here, and United States Dis
trict Attorney Foote very feelingly an
nounced to Judge McKenna a few" days
ago thai he was compelled to ask that the
full report be read in the case at issue, be
cause the United States Government was
unable to furnish him with the necessary
report for his perusal. Hence, he must
depend upon counsel for the defense who
were more fortunate than he, in so much
as they were the happy possessors of one
copy.
The question now arises as to where all
the Pattison reports have gone.
Have they been lost, destroyed, stolen or
bought up? In either case there is but
one institution having interest in getting
them out of the way, and that is the rail
road contingent.
Mayor Sutro until a few weeks aao wor
ried himself sick thinking that among the
hundreds of thousands of books he in
tends presenting to this City and County
he did not have a copy of the Pattison
report. He searched high and low for
one, and offered any price that might be
asked for the six volumes.
It was at this juncture that he was
saved from positive illness by James H.
Barry, editor of the Star.
Barry had been quite outspoken at the
time of the killing of Jndge'David S. Terry
by Dave Nagie. He claimed that it was a
murder pure and simple. This touched a
tender chord in the heart of Reel B.Terry,
the nephew of the dead man, and he pre
sented Barry with the report, which he
had found in his uncle's library. Barry,
is turn, learning what a rare gem he pos
sessed, presented the books to Mayor Sutro
to be handed down to the people of this
City with the Sutro Library.
RAIDING THE FISHERMEN.
An Exciting Chase to Capture
Two Men in Carquinez
Straits.
Over Four Hundred Dollars' Worth of
Illegal Fishing Gear Taken
by Deputies.
The sturgeon fishermen in Suisun Bay
and up the rivers had a hard time of it last
week. Deputy Fish Commissioners Al
Wilson and A. H. Davis made a raid upon
them and destroyed over $400 worth of il
legal fishing gear and arrested two fisher
men. They started out in the launch on
Wednesday and made a quick run to the
grounds, where they had good reason to
believe the sturgeon fishermen had out a
lot of set lines with "Chinese-- hooks at
tached. On arriving they began to drag
Suisun Bay and the sloughs. In four days
they raised seventeen set lines, many of
which were new.
As a result of their raid four lines were
taken at Bouldin Island, two :at Switchel
Island, two at Marsn landing, two at
Montezuma, one in Suisun Creek, one at
-Martinez, one at Benicia Flats and four at
the cut-off at Suisun. These lines were
worth about $30 apiece, being of tne best
of material. If fastened end to end they
would make a half-inch rope over three
miies long. Several thousand books,
worth $00 a thousand, were cut from the
lines and thrown overboard.
In addition the deputies secured anchors,
worth $5 apiece, used to hold the set lines.
The lines and anchors will be kept until
called for hy the owners, if the latter
should dare to take the chances, for the
law does not provide for selling such illegal
gear. -.■;■
But few sturgeon were found hooked,
the most of the lish being striped bass,
pike and catfish. On one of the lines was
hooked a 200-pound sturgeon, which the
deputies shipped to the Asylum for the
Insane at Stockton. Many of the lines
were found to be anchored outin the river,
bay or slough and the other end made fast
to the shore close to the fishermen's arks.
In several instances the fishermen sat in
their arks and quietly watched the con
fiscation of their gear, not daring to claim
it or protest for fear of arrest. '.
During the cruise the deputies had one
exciting experience. They saw two fish
ermen out in a skiff taking up their lines,
which were set in Carrjuinez Straits. The
illegal fishers endeavored to escape into
shoal water, whore the launch could not
go. They abandoned their lines, set sail,
for the wind was blowing hard in their
favor, and pulled with all their might.
The launch was put to its highest speed
and the race was exciting. The nshermen
had a good start and were rapidly closing
the distance to the shoals, which meant
safety and escape. Illegal fishermen are
too ha.d to catch at work on their lines to
let those two men escape and the deputies
were determined to make the capture.
They saw, however, that with the advan
tage being in favor of the pursued the
chance of catching up with the skiff by a
stern chase was very slim. 7,"," - : :
"Run. out the bow-chaser and drop a
shot in the water alongside of them,' sug
gested Wilson. A second later Davis poked
the end of a big Colt's frontier revolver
over the bow of the launch, took aim, so as
to miss the fishermen, and fired. The
weapon went off like a musket, and the
bullet tore a furrow in the bay a short dis
tance from the skiff and threw water hiph
into the air. The fleeing fishermen nearly
fell over the side of the boat in their fright
and shouted back that they would surren
der. The shoals were less than fifty yards
away. In a second the skiff was put about
and "the launch went alongside.
The captured craft, with the set lines
and two prisoners, were taken to Vallejo.
The latter were charged with illegal fish
ing. Their cases will be heard this week
before Judge Lannott. The prisoners gave
the names of F. Goudo and Anton Red
uano. _^^____^^^__
THOUSANDS OF LAWSUITS
They Are Now on Trial Before
Superior Judge San
derson.
The Railroad's Attempt to Head off
the "Stop-Over Cases"
Against It.
The trial of the suit of the Southern Pa
cific in which that corporation seeks to
compel W. H. Robinson and all others
having -suits against the railroad com
! pany on the old question of stop-over
\ privileges to bring all their suits together,
is before Judge Sanderson.
The defendants . are W. H. Robinson. L.
S. Robinson. Thomas D. Poole, C. W.
Bassett, C. H. Loomis, Aaron Bretz, W. N.
Griswold and F. Hiller, and the charge is
made that they have unlawfully and
fraudulently conspired together for the
purpose of bringing these actions for $200
each for breach of contract because of the
railroad's refusal to allow them stop-over
privileges. The company denies the de
fendants were bona-fide passengers or
ticket-holders, and alleges that they were
simply confederating together for the sole
purpose of getting money from the com
pany, and not because they wanted to stop
over for any good reason. It is therefore
claimed that the defendants were not dam
aged in any way.
There were 2872 actions altogether, in
volving $874,400, distributed among the
various defendants as follows:
W. H. Robinson, 704 actions, $140,800; L.
S. Robinson, 394 actions, $78,800; -Thomas
D.Poole, 468 actions. $93,600;" C. W. Bas
sett, 432 actions, $86,400; C. H. Loomis, 242
actions, $48,400; Aaron Bretz, 293 actions,
$55,600; W. R. Griswold. 48 actions, $9600:
F. Hiller, 291 actions, $58,200; total 2872
actions, $-574,400.
The defendants demurred to this com
plaint on the ground that facts sufficient
for a cause of action were not stated, and
further that there was a misjoinder of
parties, and this demurrer was overruled
by Judge Sanderson, who announced, in
his opinion, that as the railroad had al
leged in its complaint that the stop-over
privileges demanded by the present de
fendants were merely for the purpose of I
securing causes of action against the rail- I
, road, and in view of this allegation, the de
fendants must show that the privileges
• asked were wanted for a legitimate pur
pose.
Out of the 2872 suits against the railroad
nearly 800 have been already filed, and the
case of the prosecution consists mainly in
submitting these claims in evidence. . Wil
liam Pierson of Pierson & Mitchell, who
with Foshay Walker appears for the rail
road, reads the salient point of each com
plaint and describes whether it is type
written or printed. The case will take
some time.
DRIVEN AWAY BY A DOG.
Mission Burglars Make an Unsuccessful
Attempt at Burglary in the
Mission.
A fox-terrier at the house of S. E.
Thompson, 1031 Capp street, scared burg
lars away yesterday morning.
.When tne members of the family were
retiring for the night the terrier went into
the kitchen, an unusual thing for him,
and refused to go outside to his kennel.
Miss Thompson tried coaxing and threats,
but the dog refused to stir. She called her
father and he compelled the dog to go.
About 2 o'clock in the morning the fam
ily was awakened by the loud barking of
j the dog, but no attention was paid to it.
In the morning the dog • could not be
found, but there were traces of blood on
the garden walks and on the porch.
Mr. Thompson , reported the case to
Lieutenant Burke at the Seventeenth
street station, who advised him to make a
more careful -search for the dog. Then the
animal was found under the chicken-coop,
nearly dead. He had been cut on the neck
and body several times. Thieves bad at
tempted to kill the dog, but had become
alarmed at his loud barking and had fled.
A VERSATILE CROOK.
Louis Gevenani Arrested on Charges of
Grand Larceny and Burglary.
Louis Gevenani was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detective Cody on the
charges of burglary and grand larceny.
He is a plumber and lived at the Oakland
House, on Howard street.
The police received numerous complaints
from house agents that vacant houses bad
been looted of plumbing, and elec
tric appliances, and Detective Cody was de
tailed on the case. The result was the ar
rest of Gevenani.
Gevenani's plan of operations was to
call upon the agent of a vacant house, say
ing he wished to lease it. He obtained
the keys and would then carry away every
thing of value that could be datached. For
these peculations he has been charged
with grand larceny.
About two weeks ago he was unable to
obtain the key to a bouse owned by JVM.
Goewey, at 300 Page street, and he" forced
open the basement door. For this he has
been charged with burglary.
.". While Defective Cody was at Baker's
store Joseph Dufoy, a petty larceny thief,
called to sell some rubber hose and belting,
stolen from ~ the ; factory ,of Crane & C 0.,"
Fremont and Market streets. : He was
{dated under arrest and booked at the City
Prison for petty larceny.
Mrs. Foltz's New York Office.
Clara Foltz, attorney and counselor at law,
has located her offices in Temple court, corner
of Nassau and Beekman streets, New York. _.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1596.
___-_^_ ' NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
ANOTHER WEEK OF OUR GREAT MIDWINITCLEARAIE!
Our GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE continues the most OVERWHELMINGLY SUCCESSFUL
sale on record and each step of its progress is marked by a fresh array of BARGAIN SURPRISES.
This is the result of our clearance system of making SPECIAL OFFERINGS OF SPECIAL LINES AT SPE-
CIAL REDUCTIONS, our this week's array of which includes items of Cloaks, Housefurnishing Goods, Gloves and
Underwear that cannot fail to recommend themselves to discerning buyers as
THE :-: GREATEST :-: BARGAINS :-: OF >: THE :-: SALE!
CLOAK DEPARTMENT! 8 GREAT TPECI ALS ! HOUSEFURNISHINGS, Etc.
LADIES' CLOTH AND PLUSH JACKETS. TATITFO- YTTI PTfIFFO! neduced to sa.oo a, __=•**!■_-.
, JLlJlJJlijl- KIU uLlt I i-IU ! One line HEAVY CHENILLE PORTIERES, 44 inches wide, good grade chenille,
- „ A.t SB 1 . SO. deep dadoes were $4.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and " it „ ,-„_,.- A. A/. A/
twilled cheviot, black, reduced from $5 and $6 to ?l 50 each. ■ ... . ■_ £*.£? 2t^_?_<__._.t. ~ Tr . Reduced to 62.00 a Pair.
3000 pairs o-HOOK i I DRESSED KID IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3 yards long, neatly made; that were %2 75.
pjkA 52.50. .■■•'* GLOVES, color, tan, mode and slate, J °'
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and regular value $1, marked down to 35c a Reduced to 85 Cents **, _E=»_*i_r.
twilled cloaking, plain and trimmed with fur, in navy, tan and black, worth $7 50, pair. NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, good grade, 3 yards long and 40 inches wide; reduced
reduced to $2 50 each. ;7 '/-.-■ -4.4. yP/// y At 65 Cents. from $1 25 (same 3> i yards long at $1).
'-• Atf_3.so. 2000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS- ■_=» «^.,,^,*».^_ ■ +r*. ifto _-__-_ __ •_=•__-■•*-
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of Ker- QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID RAYWTNnOW mnTO^fiTmrH^M rnRTU\q 4 In", «^d m b.rJ___
sey, cheviot and beaver cloaking, in navy, black and gray, worth reduced to . GLOVES, in dark, medium and tan BA • £?^J*I?J i -^OT^N 6 *"-^ ll CURTAINS » 4 y ar *- 3 long and - 50 inche9
$3 50 each. ■ aAMM shades, also black, former price $1 25, wide, reduced from ♦*
T ,_„, A-t ■ - , - marked down to 65c a pair. Reduced to *_»__!. SO Elncli.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of black ..  .'•■ ; GOOD INGRAIN UNION ART SQUARE CARPETS, new colorings— 6x9 feet,
and navy Kersey cloth and beaver, also tan and gray covert cloth, worth $12 50 and At -*'"> *_.ents. ppz-y $2 50 each 7K^9 feet, %'.'. 25 each; 9x9 feet, $3 75 each; 9xlo>. feet, £4 50 each: 9x12
$15, reduced to $5 each. '-V ; 2000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in colors feet, $5 each, and 9xl3K feet, $5 75 each— worth double.
A._ $7 SO anc^ black, former price $1 50. marked
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of fine down to 75c a pair. Reduced to SI.OO _E__*io___.
grade of cloaking, plain, embroidered and braided, in navy, black and tan, worth . . «r. - .. BEST GRADE REVERSIBLE SMYRNA RUGS— Size 18x36 inches, $1; size 21x46
$17 50 and $">0 reduced to $7 50 each --.*.;• At "° Cents. inches, $1 50; size 26x54 inches, $2; size 30x60 inches, $2 50: size 36x72 inches, $3 90.
' 2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES .« , , ' „«=, _ ■_-__.
A.t 4a,50. (large buttons to match gloves), all Reduced ■ to; 23 Conts a. "_T«,rd.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, medium length, worth 512 50 and $15, reduced to $2 50 shades and sizes, former price $150, FAIR QUALITY TABLE DAMASKS, in full bleached, half bleached and turkey red,
each. marked down to 90c a pair. • full widths ; that were 35c and 40c.
_ _ ~. — —. ~~ . .„. . —»«. At 90 Cents Reduced to Cents a. "^'«.i'd.
LADIES' CAPES AND. WRAPS. . 1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS- One case GOOD ECRU TABLE DAMASK, all pure linen, that was 45c.
At «„-„„ ffln^f^''^ F ? E M C ? • Reduced to cv. Cents _» Yard,
LADIES' CAPES, made of very fl^UctSoSS. trimmed with satin and rows of feSer^flViSSd dowaSfe '■ UNBLEACHED CRASH DOWELING, 18» inches
stitching, with plain or velvet collar, worth $8 50, reduced to $5 each. AAyppy- a pair. wiae, mat was xuc.
Reduced to $1.25 ex. _E»a.li*.
r.^r,,T,T^n ram -.., At ; 7 .-75 0 m, _ „ n a. .7^.- lA_l C* _ » One cage HEAVY DOUBLE-BED SIZE (11-4) WHITE BLANKETS ; that were $1 75*.
LADIES' PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with twilled silk, collar and fronts edged LADIES
with Thibet fur, worth $12 50, will be closed out at $7 50 each. _rrrriT tit tt .T-n-n-n-nTTi itv i Reduced to d 2.85 a. Pair.
A t $io.oo. - MUSLIN UNDERWEAR! Two ti o a Vfere ß s3^ K p E Jr s " one lot in Bilver sray ' the other lot white - aimost aU wool;
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, of fine quality sealette, upper cape trimmed, with band ■ - ' v '
of jet and edged with marten fur; also Double Capes of sealette, with upper cape At 50 Cents Reduced to S Cents a, __* Axrd.
edged with Tnibet fur; worth $17 50, will be closed out at $10 each. 30 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS GOOD DARK CALICOS AND FLANNELETTES, a nice line of colorings; were 7Kc
At d 31.©5. lined back tucked front, sailor collar Reduced to &/_ Cents a, Yard.
i LADIES' WRAPS, long tabs, prettily embroidered, trimmed with fringe, worth $Band a " . cutis hnished with hemstitching, The HEA ENGLISH FLANNELETTES, in a grand line of colorings ; that were 10c.
$10, reduced to $1 95 each. /'/i/A. win De onerea at M< * each.
7'pyy ___._ &-.& 5. At 50 Cents ~
LADIES' WRAPS, made of fine cloth, richly braided, lined throughout with rich on h^,o„ r An*n-«> cTT*.*\fTc**tr<s m «^« „t ; DAMAGED BY WATER!
..i^^.^.^i^Sf""* 1 -* ""^ - -^ ■"* "-^ •««• •»» ES's^f-'HSi: DAMAGED BY WATER!
i i ., . .-1.,—, —n . .....,-—.,.■ -SOc p_ich
I Arkll_-Q» OMITC \., _„ n , -To close out all the residue of the lines recently DAMAGED BY WATER (although
__.r\Ul E.O oUI lOi At r>o Cents. those most injured have been sold) we will make clearing cuts in what remains, viz:
At €63 50 10 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS made of TWO LINES FINE BLANKETS, 'A7-A7/A'-
_t_._ to »_s. __*__*. wamsutta muslin, yoke band, finished t> r t-. » /-« _t-_<t\ avt-» TTVPTVirtrrn r rrT'RTrT<3i-r Tn*or"PT q
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, made of black and navy serge, worth $7 50, reduced to with deep ruffle of' embroidery, will be . . BLEACHED AND UNBLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS,
-$3 50 each. [ offered at 50c each. --"___ CANTON FLANNELS, Etc., Etc.
UU Murphy Building, / (fj/ wurphy Building, / fit/ Murphy Building, J 6ft/ Murphy Building, / UUhK\xt\?\x§ Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market aafl Jones Streets. Market anfl Jones Streets. Market anfl Jones Streets. - Market ana Jones Streets.
Everybody is on to it *
_■__ _E-_M •'■': Y"""***" /\i*- $5s ._¥?*__. a.,
PLUG
The largest piece ot
Good tobacco
ever sold for io cents
dSHfk SQC.T-RIAL sets
Choice Bulbs and Plants. -
/fcrfL-*-^^^J-Tj^^^_^u % We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
TV^^^^gl^'^^J^^Q^y Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
l\fO/^_^i_m^^^L4^i~ B— JO Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
MilL \ £ -f3>Bsffi<s<i&££w~h- C— «o Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c *
?P^_»_\Si_^_^*l__-%^k* V -5 Su P crb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
SfS?^T3 E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants. -
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
C — lo Prize-wiuning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c rtu J
D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds. .soc
WRM? &_V&Wl_a\\ «¥l!i>tr G— lo Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c -, " T -.
XV%\ t l«_vS__r 'wv-il K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, 9 I •- - 0
v^-~*~ 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, OR
S? /ffAf-f-jV 1 Solauni, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
N '. KWa gea, 1 Chry5anthemum.................:...... ...50c "1,-7
■•■7- V'l \WL a _. 10 Uinlnt Dlonto _"fl_. 3 Plants New Calif. Violet, a **__.
Jf^m^^ M VlQiet rlantS, 50C. 3 Mad - > 3 Marie Sawnley $2*oo
f^^^^^^^^^^^^m ■———»— -______. __, AVhite, 3 Mane Louise. -,p;y:'
•jl^iw^^i^l^^^ •^-"•firl frxf rk.it* Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
4_->*_~llU lOr OUr complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
'^^W^'t^^^^^ ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
—^ s —^yy Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
tabieseeds. COX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco «£
411, 413 Sansome Street
Agents for
._ w__
SPECIAL BOOK BARGAIN!
AMERICANIZED
ENCYCLOPAEDIA
BRITANNICA,
Revised and amended, 96 colored maps and nu-
merous illustrations. A dictionary of Art, Sciences
and Literature. 6902 pages of clear type on fine
paper. . >.".■' ""■
10 VOLUMES CLOTH,
•"rice .5.00 per set: worth $20.
10 VOLUMES SHEEP,
Price 88.50 per set; worth $25.
5000 Titles Sheet Music - - 5c
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
—OF THE- — -
PALAGE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIE MIDNIGHT.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises,
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings. , '
IT STOPS AEE PAIN. ;
ALL '■-, DRUGGISTS SELL IT. ,7
BO CENTS AND SI A BOTTEE.
•..'.■•;.■■*.•■ ■•. ■ .■-rzyzAr-y.'-.r .. ".■'.'." . .
Ri-LROAD TRATBI!
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....T0.... *
_t?C>--^"--'I-i-a^3Xr-D. Q3EI."
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 29,
And FCvery Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 P. m.
A«| r ft— Including Berth in man Tourist
/• 0 U Sleeper.
" ....ALSO.... ;-: ; •
First-class tickets, including berth in Q'A K.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, <JPX-J ,
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points. . *,-■.-•'
tS~ Through Tickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced. Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Orand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco. - •
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St*
.San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK D AYS— 7 :4O, 9:20, 11:00 A. if.; I_:S5
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
1■ at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. xt.
SDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30 l
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6-.25, 7:65, 9:30, 11:10 A. it;
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
• at 1:56 p. m. and 6:35 r. m.
STJNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
, 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
.; schedule as above. •
Leave in eflec- Arrive
San Francisco. __*..__, San Francisco.
Wkkk I Sun*- T. e « Iti__tlon.1 t i__tIon. Sdn- I W_._r~
Days. | pays, PAYg | Dayb
! 7:40 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
i 3:30 pm 9:30 am I Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 PM 5:00 PMj Santa Rosa. 7:30 pmj 6:15 pm
_____ .
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
■"-;-■"* Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Pleta7
Hopland & * - »<
8:00 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 aml j 10:30 am
8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm| . 6:16 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am) 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
Glen Ellen. | j
7:40 am 1 8:00 aml Seba . tODOl 1 10:40 am 110:30 am
3:30 pm|6:oo PM | »e Mtopoi. [ 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stage*r*.onnect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Lakeport.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Blae
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Llvely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and EureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticketsat reduced
rates. ■ ■ . ■' ■
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
" H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAST,
. Gen. Manager. ■'. ■ Gen. Pass. Agent. __
Mil PACIFIC C*. AST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Vailev and San Rafael— 7:3o. 9:16, 11:00
A.M.; 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p. M.
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 A. M.: 1:46, 6:16 P. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a.m.-. 1:30.3.00,4:30, «6:15
. F. xi. "Does not run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:80 a. m. weekdays-Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations." *
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Toini Reyes ana way stations.
RIGGS HOUSE,
x\rrtsi_Li___stc_.__i, ia*. o.
. The Hotel "Par Excellence"
j Of the Natioßai Capital.' First class In all appoint
menu. .-., U, DjbWITT. frsas.
American plan* $3 per day and
upward.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
and jfcz!zi___K,
RAILROAD
____M*V_**H SW
Trains leave from and arrive "j__3_?Tp3_t__l§£J
at Market-Street Ferry. 4f_D_a__H_TSuTH_
SANTA FE EXPRESS
'< To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Una
Leaves every day at 3:30 V. xt., carrying PnUxnaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the Easu
New rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. "_■'** '• '■■■"■■
Ticket Offloe-6 4 4 Market Street,
. ■ ■ Chronicle Building,.*
NOrTHXB-f -PACIFIC COMPAfITr. "
; (PACIFIC SYSTEM.) \ -.
Trial as leave and are due to arrive at ■
SAN FItANCI.SCO.
-_av_ — From Nov_M-E_. 20, 1895. — ariuv,
6:30 a Haywards. Niles and Way Stations.. 10:1
7:00 a Atlantio Express, Ogden and Fast.. B:_3_>
7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe. Ramsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via "Davis .... 7:l o_>
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls*
toga and Santa Rosa.. 6:10.*
8:30 a Niles, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysrille, Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Ororille.... _:lCp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7:13p
9:00 a San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 1 1:43 a
0:00 a Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
:'■: (tor Yosemite), Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles 4:4*1.*
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1 0:4.1*
10:00 a San Leandro. Kayw&rds and Niles.. 1:43p
1 2:OOm San Leandro, Haywards & Way Sfus 2:4. _
l:OOp Niies, San Jr,3eand Lirermore *:45a
•1:00. Sacramento Hirer Steamers.. •9:00.
:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t 7:43p
3:00? SanLeanoro, Haywards- Way St'ns 5:45?
4:00p San Leandro, Haywards £ Way St'ns 6:_3_>
4:00. Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo,
Napa, Calistoga, £1 Verano and
Santaßosa Oil-*
t'.aas Benioia, Esparto. Woodland, 1 >
■ '"* Knights Landing, Mary.viUe,
Ororille and Sacramento ie:4l*
4tSer Niles, San Jose, ' LiTermore and
Stocktou ; 7:15.
S:00r San Leandro, Hay***_rds * Wny St'ns 8:13»
S:3op New Orleans Express,Fresno,B_kers> : _Q_BWh
.*.* • ' ■"-=* field, Santa Barbara. Los Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East. V I I«i4sa
Si39r Santa Fo Route, Atlantio Express
for Mojavo aud Fast 10:43 a
O:00p European Mail, Ogden and Fast.... 9:13 a
3:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
J7:OOp Vallejo t7:43r
7:0 Op Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
sille. Redding, Portland, Pnget
Sound and Fast 1 0:43 a
7:OOp San Leandro, Haywar_3 ft Way St'ns 10:50.
0:OOp SarvLeandro. Hay wardsi Way Stns tt 12:90 a
•flOiOSp "Sunset Lotted/* Fresno, Los
. Angelas, El Paso. New Orleans '*--"*
and East «l_r*43p
', ffll l!3r>Ban Leandro. HarTfnrd.^fc Way St'ns 7:15 a
j SASTA CRUZ DIVISION (Narrow fiange).
S:10a Nerfftrk.Ceiitervillc.Saii.lose.Feltnn, '■
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
- • Stations OIMI
•ItlSp Nexrark, CenterTille. San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crr.k,
• Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5........".......,. ..;.. "1 1 -. 2 »
*:13p Newark. San .locs and l_>s Catos.... 9:39 a
411:-5p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Joec and
; Way Stations I {7:2 Op
COAST 111 VISION (Third jfcTowiiseml Sts.) '-
*:43ASan Joso and Way SUtions (New
• -■■■'■"■- Almadcu Wednesdays only), 1:45p
■:13a San Joso, Tres l'iuos, Sauta Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Paso Robler, San
-. Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
10i40a Ran Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 3:«0p
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Statious 3:30f
•S:3op San Jose, Gilroy. Tres Tinos, Santa
Cruz, Monterey and Pacific
Grnr. •10:40 _
•3:: top San Jose and l'nncipal Way Stations 0:47*
' *4:30p San Jose and Way Stations »S:O0a
5:30p Sau .'use and Way Stations •**: ISa
6::t«l- San Joso an<l Way*Statir>ns * 6::*.5.\
' Ul:4sp San Joso and WnyStatioiw t7:43>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
; from Sl_ .BUSCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:li 9:00 11:00 A.M. Jl-flO *2*oB t3:o*
•«:C0 J5.-00: »6:00 p.M.
FronOiriAH.— Foot of Braid way.— *C:00 8-08
10:00 A.W. «3:00 *1:00 JS-00 "3:00 tI:CJ
**3:3Ci'.M. ■ ■ • * ■ .
. A for Morning. P for Afternoon. . .
• Sundays excepted. • . . t Saturdays only.
J Sundays only.
tl Monday. Thursday and Saturday olgbls only.
1 TTuesdays and Saturdays * 4 Sundays and Thursday*
910
FATHER YORKE
OH THE JESUITS
The Catholic Champion Re
plies to Rev. Dr.
Wendte.
BOTH IN GOOD HUMOR.
Pleasantries Indulged In by Par
ticipants in the Great
Discussion.
THE PASTOR'S ABLE CRITICISM.
Clever Verbal Fencing by the Learned
Contestants in the Present
Controversy.
The following communication by Rev.
Father Yorke has been received by The
Call:
.__*__BT_7, 1896.
To the Editor of the Call— Sir: I remark
with pleasure that the Rev. Dr. Wendte returns
.lulling to the controversy. It is evident that
he is in exceeding good humor this morning,
for he thanks me with much taste and elo
quence. Disraeli describe** one ot the charac- ;
ters In "Endymion" as having a feeling in his
bosom about which he was not sure whether
it was gratitude or indigestion. lam not pre
pared to say whether Dr. Wendte's controversial
hilarity is Inspired by his literary success or
his Sunday dinner.
In the pretty quarrel which has sprung up
between the Rev. Dr. Wendte and the Rev. Mr.
Payne I have no desire to interfere. As both
belong to the same denomination I suppose
they consider themselves at liberty to pummel
one another in a spirit of fraternal charity.
"Quam bontun et guam jucundum habitare
fratres in unum." Still they would doubtless
resent the intrusion of an outsider in a purely
domestic broil. However, I cannot retrain
from remarking that though 1 have been ac- i
cused by Dr. Wendte of using harsh terms in j
this discussion I have not yet gone so far as to I
describe my opponent as a 'man saturated with i
lymph.
Dr. Wendte has devoted considerable space !
to his personal opinion oi me and of my atti
tude. I opine, Mr. Editor, that my personality
has very little to do with the discussion. That ,
Dr. Wendte should rejoice that my sentiments
are loyal, or that 1 can express my readiness to
stand by my oath of allegiance. argues very lit
tle acquaintance with Catholics on his part or |
very little trust in their word. Since the foun- j
dation of this Republic an unnumbered multi
tude of Catholics have sworn to defend the flag !
against all enemies. Does Dr. Wendte imagine |
that they perjured themselves by a reservation j
in favor of the Pope? What I said had been
said years before by Archbishop Kenrick, and
better said. In a famous sentence, too, it was
formulated by the greatest Catholic layman of ;
the century, Daniel O'Connell, when he de- ]
clared: "I take my religion from Rome, but I |
■would as soon take my politics from Constanti
nople."
answer THE question.
But after all this is not the question. Dr.
Wendte started out by asserting that a con
sistent Catholic cant be a loyal Ametican. j
With chains of quotations he bound us to the ;
stake, and, hand in hand with Mr. John 8.
Hittell, he executed a war dance around us.
But alas and alack! the links in the chain were
not cleverly forged and Mr. John S. Hittell lies
hors de combat while Dr. Wendte sits ululant
on his remains.
To one point 1 would draw the attention of
the judicious reader, and that is the strange
indisposition to answer my question mani
fested by Dr. Wendte. He "had been talking
much and mightily about church and state
and divided allegiance. I therefore put it to
him plainly : "What would you do if a Unitarian
congregation came in conflict with the laws
of a Stair." He has answered never a word.
I regard mis silence as ominous. - We are deal
ing now with church and state and Dr. Wendte
is dumb. He has asked me what I would do
and I have answered without reluctance. In
return, I would have been better pleased had
he given me less soft, soap and more informa
tion. What would you do. Dr. Wendte, if your
congregation came in conflict with a State?
If you do not reply i intend to call the atten
tion of the Canadians and New runs wickers,
who have undertaken to protect our institu
tions, to your suspicious reticence. The readers
of The Call are anxious for your answer.
Break the cold chain of silence which has
hung over you too long. Let us hear your
solution of the problem : "What would yon do
if Unitarian ism got into a conflict with a
Stater'
DR. W_NX>TE'S LOGIC
Dr. Wendte began by attempting to prove
that Catholics could not be loyal to the state,
he ends by attempting to prove "that the church
burned heretics and that the Jesuits taught
regicide. Even if both these counts were ad
mitted, how would they show that Catholics
cannot be loyal to American citizenship? Dr.
Wendte's logic does not possess the qualities
one would expect from his claims concerning
"Protestant scholarship." 1 regret to say that
he appears to be entirely unacquainted with
the structure of tne syllogism, and to be hope
lessly indifferent to the rules laid down for the
proper management of -'Barbara Celarent,
Darn, Ferioque." However, we must not ex
pect too much from "Protestant scholarship."
A complete indifference to dates is happily
-supplemented by a complete disregard for the
rules of reasoning.
But let me come to Dr. Wendte's quotations
about regicide. The state of the question is
this:
(1) Dr. Wendte stated thatSuarez taught that
regicide was lawful in the case of an heretical
king, and that this teaching resulted in the
assassination ot Henry 111, Henry IV and Wil
liam of Orange at the 'instigation of the priest
hood.
('_) In answer:
(a) I denied that the assassination of the
princes mentioned was instigated by the
priesthood, and I challenged Dr. Wendte to
produce his proofs.
Dr. Wendte is silent.
(b) I asserted that in the places cited there
was not a solitary syllable about regicide.
Dr. Wendte says no more about his reference.
With the characteristic accuracy of "Protestant
scholarship" he quotes another book.
(c) I asserted that neither Bellarmine nor
Suarez held that regicide was lawful. Dr.
Wendte had defined regicide as the murder of
a king because he was a heretic.
The doctor replies: '•
I will now examine a few of the principal pleas
made by Father Yorke ln defense of. his church.
But first be asks me to sustain certain of my di
rect charges against it by other or better proof.
I will gratify him. To begin with, the question
of regicide. He denies 'mv assertion that the
Jesuits have taught it as a justifiable act. I
am surprised at his boldness in denying what Is
so generally admitted and known and can be so
easily proven. Thus Brans, to whom my opponent
especially refers, in his work. "De Fide" (lib.
vi, cap. 4), argues that when the preservation of
the stat* requires it the nation may depose Its sov
ereign, and may, it" ne.essarv, depute an*- person
to kill him. This is especially true of an heretical
prince, for heresy annuls his title to the throne.
"Mill, as the Pope is aroiier of these questions a
sentence of deposition should precede rebellion.
'I o deny that the Pope could inflict such penalties
on heretics, no matter what their rank, is to fall
under the suspicion of heresy. To den v that death
Is a natural punishment for heresy ism assail the
whole system of persecution which the church has
organized. But Suarez maintains that the de
posed king can only be killed by those whom the
Pope lias especially authorized. (di papa regem
deponat. ab illls tantum poierit expelli vel inter
hci qulbus Ipse id coninmerit.)
Concerning this citation and others Dr
Wendte gives us to understand that be has
gone to the trouble of verifying them and he
says that he produces them.
"To vindicate the truth of history, the
accuracy of Protestant scholarship and my
own honesty of statement I have gone through
all this uncongenial labor."
Alas for the truth of history and the accu
racy of "Protestant scholarship," Dr. Wendte
has been misled again by his second-hand
authorities. Of course I take it for granted
that he has never seen Snares. Though he did
take liberties with Jouin, I do not believe him
capable of perpetrating the egregious blunders
contained in his description of Suarez's doc
trine. .
1. In the first place Suarez wrote two books
on faith. One is entitled "Tractatus de Fide,"
or a Treatise on Faith. The other^is called
"Defensio Fidei Catholics; Adversus Angli
canae Secta* Frrore-",' or a Defense of the Cath
olic Faith against the Errors of the Anglican
Sect.
2. The first is quoted as "De Fide," or Of
Faith, and can be found in the twelfth volume
of the works of Suarez, published at Pari- by
Vives in 1859. The second is quoted as "De
fensio Fidei Catholic £," or Defense of the
Catholic Faith, and iscontained in the twenty
fourth volume of the same edition.
3. Dr. Wendte has confounded the two
books. He gives the title of one book and the
"chapter and verse" of the other.
4. Dr. Wendte's description of Suarez's
argument wobbles between the two treatises.
A sentence from the "Defense" is followed by
a sentence from "De Fide." Then comes an
other sentence from "The Defense," and so on.
The startling method of eviscerating- two
treatises to make a description of the argument
contained in one is "the accuracy of Protestant
scholarship."
SUAREZ'S TEACHING.
Of course it goes without saying that Dr.
Wendte's account of Suarez's teaching is ut
terly misleading. I have been complaining all
along that Dr. Wendte knows nothing about
Catholic doctrine. If he would but shut him
self up for six months and read the twenty
four volumes of Suarez through, he would
emerge from his seclusion a wiser but less con
troversial man. St. Jerome remarked long ago
that every trade required an apprenticeship
except the trade of expounding the Bible. If
he lived in our days he might remark that
while no man would think of writing about
architecture or botany, or even physiology,
without reading some standard works on the
subject, a complete unacquaintance with Cath
olic literature is the best preparation for en
gaging in anti-Catholic controversy. The less
the writer knows the more slashing the article.
Now let me give the argument of Suarez as
contained in his "Defense.:
First— He first states that theologians dis
tinguish two kinds of tyrants. One the tyrant
who has unjustly usurped the supreme power
in a State. The other a lawful King who con
temns the public good, turns everything to his
private use and harasses, robs and kills his
subject. As an example he cites Nero.
Second— He supposes that the tyranny can
not be ended in any way except by killing the
tyrant.
Third— He holds that In such a case it is law
ful for any one to stay a tyrant of the first
kind, namely, a usurper. Dr. Wendte cannot
deny this unless ne wishes to renounce the
great examples of ancient patriotism— Ha r
modius, Aristogiton, Brutus— we were
taught to admire in our youth.
Fourth— ln the case of a lawful King who has
become a tyrant he holds that no private per
son has a right to kill him. This is regicide, as
commonly understood, and Suarez holds that
it is not lawful. :>.-,'.. -C
Fifth— the case of a lawful King who reigns
tyrannically, the commonwealth can depose
and expel him. Thus the fathers of this Re
public did to George 111, and I am sure Dr.
Wendte does not wish to call in question the
wisdom of the declaration of independence.
Sixth— lf it is im possible to effect the liberation
of the commonwealth except by the death of the
tyrant the people can order him put to death
because, says Suarez, "the state is engaged in a
just war against an unjust aggressor." The
Unitarians who trace their ancestry to the
Puritans of New England should not quarrel
with this teaching. The High Court of Justice
was established "to the end that no chief
officer or magistrate might presume for the
future to contrive the enslaving and destruc
tion of the nation with impunity."
The head of Charles I rolled from the block
because he was a tyrant, and his death was
considered indispensable for the safety of the
English commonwealth. If it be necessary on
a continent which tolerates no Kings to defend
tyrants let that defense be offered by others
than the spiritual children oi the "regicides."
Surely Dr. Wendte must be very hard pressed
lor an argument against the church when he.
a roundhead, is compelled to take his stand
with the cavaliers.
HERETICAL KINGS.
Now comes the question of heretical Kings.
Dr. Wendte wishes us to believe that Suarez
taught that because a King was a heretic he
should be killed.
Suarez does not teach such a doctrine.
He is very careful to define what he means
by saying that heresy makes a King a tyrant.
Here are his words:
"Among Christian-; that prince is to be con
sidered a tyrant who forces his subjects into
heresy or apostacy or schism."
Does Dr. Wendte think that a King has a
right to force his religious opinions upon a
people' When it was suspected that James II
of England was trying to restore the Catholic
religion the English people reoelled and
brought over William of Orange. Will Dr.
Wendte say they were not justified?. That
James II did not share the fate of his father is
owing to the simple fact that he was such an
outrageous coward that neither friend nor foe
could keep up with him when once he started
to run.
Dr. Wendte remembers, no doubt, that one
of the grievances which the Continental Con
gress urged against George 111 in th >. early
stages of the agitation was the danger to the
Protestant religion from the Quebec act.
In Armenia to-day, wnere a tyrant is forcing
his religion upon a defenseless people— and
after Dr. Dillon's article in the Contemporary
no one can doubt that is the real cause ot the
persecution— would any one gruage the car
casses of half a dozen Sultans if such an offer
ing were the only way to stop the slaughter?
If Dr. Wendte would only go to Suarez and
study that author he would not make such
absurd accusations against the Jesuits. He
complains that I have to explain away the
facts he brings against me. I admit that I
have to explain at length, but the fault is Dr.
Wendte's. He finds a toenail in his travels
and he proceeds therefrom to construct a
pterodactyl. It may take him but two words
to introduce his find to the public; it may
take me a volume to explain the origin of the
putty and paint and plaster of paris of which
the monstrosity is composed.
THE POPE AND HERETICAL PRINCES.
Suarez gives in this same chapter the com
-1 mon teaching of the medieval theologians
: about the deposing power of the Pope.
, I have already explained
1. That this power was exercised when the
i European states recognized the old imperial
| and Christian constitution.
2. That this constitution required the su
! preme ruler to be a member of the Catholic
church, just as at the present day the British
constitution requires the sovereign to be a
; Protestant.
3. That the kines swore at their coronation
: to observe the Catholic religion and to protect
i it, and therefore when they became heretics
I they broke their coronation oath.
4. That by divine right the Pope can excom
municate even kings from the Catholic church.
5. That as long as public opinion supported
; the medieval constitution ot Europe this sen
! tence of excommunication meant that the king
was deposed.
6. That as the civil conditions which pro
: duced this state of affairs have r>assed away,
the deposing power no longer exists.
Now, in Suarez' time the condition of Europe
; was changing. He stands at the threshold of
j modern times. As yet all hope had not fled
; that the Protestant schism might be healed.
| and the theologians clung to the old theories
about church and state. When, therefore,
Suarez considers the case of a king who is
; reigning tyrannically, whether by ordinary
■ misconduct • or by forcing his subjects into
•■ heresy, he lays down the following rules :
1. It is lawful for the people to depose a
! tyrant.
- 2. If the end can be attained by expelling
j him from the kingdom let him be expelled.
3. If the end can be attained only by killing
him let him be killed by public authority.
4. In order, however, to avoid the seditions
I and tumults which occur in a revolution or a
j popular rebellion a nation should act with
j deliberation in deposing a king.
5. To secure this deliberation the Christian
, nations had constituted the Pope the supreme,
I court of Christendom. His duty it was to state
j when a king was acting as a tyrant.
.6. Once this sentence was pronounced, cays
: Suarez.it was not lawful for every prince to
! wage war against him.
7. The Pope had no temporal power, there
fore he might commit the task of deposing the
tyrant to any Christian prince.
-8. If the Pope did not commit this task to
any Christian prince it devolved upon the
tyrant's legal successor or on the kingdom
itself. .
9. Under no circumstances should a private
person undertake to depose or kill the tyrant.
10. Therefore, in the same manner if the
I Pope should depose a tyrant not every king or
person should undertake to depose or kill him,
but they to whom the Pope committed it. V _
Here, then, Is Dr. Wendte's wonderful quo
tation in its proper place: "In the same man
i ncr if the Pope should depose a King, he can
i be expelled OR killed only by those to whom
| the Pope has committed that office."
i Dr. Wendte's translation, "that the deposed
: King can only be killed by those," etc., shows
| a profound ignorance of the Latin language'
•. The tyrant was expelled from the kingdom to
save the people. Only when simple expulsion"
! was not enough might the public authority
; execute him. *
We see at once that the office of the Pope in
[ this theory was that of a tribune of the people.
He stood between tyrants and their subjects.
j In an age of force when kings relied on their
sword the Pope was the prophet whose face
■ was set like flint against the iniquities of the
: great. That we had not in theM iddle Ages a
I repetition of • the cruelties of Nero and Domi-
I tlan was solely owing to the salutary fear that
| the people were not alone, but that the spiritual
! sword was ready to be drawn in their defense.
When after the crusades the public opinion,
! of Europe no longer supported the Pope, then '
j began the era of great. crimes in state and
church. If Dr. Wendte would but read the |
; modern histories of this period he might not -
: judge so harshly of the papacy. Somebody
has well said that for the past 300 . years his : -
I tory has been a conspiracy against truth. This
j saying was never more. applicable than to.
; tho history of the Popes. But lies cannot
' last forever, and little by little the
learned are coming to recognize that the posi
tion of the medieval Pontiffs was the salva
: tion of Europe. Without them the world might
| now be in the condition of the dominions of
the Caliphs. They were a necessary feature in
; the . evolution of free institutions, and
;if - Dr. Wendte lives to-day in a
civilized land in the enjoyment of -lib
erty secured by law he owes it to those old
■ Popes _ who lovea justice and hated iniquity
and who too often died that the people might
be saved. -
• ' 1*.,". THE LATER JESUITS.
In his description of the teachings! of the
later Jesuits Dr. Wendte is so unacquainted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
with tne history of the times that he falls into
the usual contradictions of "Protestant scholar
ship." He brings . doctored quotations from
'these writers to prove that heretical kings
could be lawfully killed, and then he instances
the deaths of Henry 111 and Henry IV as the
result of this teaching.
Does Dr. Wendte know that both these kings
were Catholics?
Now, let me say here that the doctrine of the
later Jesuits is precisely the doctrine of Suarez.
Even Mariana, whose just and patriotic senti
ments Dr. Wendte quotes with such ' abhor
rence, did not go a step beyoni tne theory I
have already described.
The suppression of Mariana's book was
purely a peace measure. The petty Protestant
despots of Europe were in mortal terror that
any one should defend the people's rights.
Hence complaints were entered against the
society. The Parliament of Paris and the Sor
bonne, two authorities which had only a few
years before promulgated the same doctrines,
also denounced the Jesuits. The general, who
knew that, the question was a . speculative
question and in no way touching on the faith,
ordered the discussion to cease and publicly
declared that the society did not hold the doc
trines imputed to it by its enemies.
To conclude this matter let me give the true
teaching of the Jesuits on the deposition of
kings in a summary form.:
1. Kings who become tyrants may be deposed
and if necessary killed. • . •
_. This deposition takes place by public au
thority.
3. A* king becomes a tyrant
(a) By violating the rights of his subjects.
(6) By forcing them into heresy. *•&**'
4. The supreme court of Europe or the Pope
should pronounce the sentence and name the
person to carry it out.
The first three provisions are plain, common
sense.
The fourth resulted from the medieval con
stitution of Europe.
Having thus disposed of Dr. Wendte's
charges on "regicide" I will deal with his
quotations concerning heretics to-morrow.
Yours truly, p. C. Yorke.
DR. WENDTE'S LETTER.
He Congratulates Himself and Op
ponent on the Prospects of an
Amicable Conclusion.
Rev. Charles W. Wendte, in his latest
communication to the Examiner, in the
controversy with Rev. Father Yorke, con
gratulates himself and his opponent upon
the prospect of the discussion ending "as
amicably as it began.'' He thinks that of
the great value of the discussion in pre
senting true Protestant, true Catholic and
true American doctrine for the clearing of
men's minds there can be no doubt. Fol
lowing, he says:
I will now examine a few of the principal
pleas made by Father Yorke in defense of his
church. But first he asks me to sustain cer
tain of my direct charges against it by otheror
better proof. I will gratify him. To begin
with, the question of regicide. He denies ray
assertion that the Jesuits have taught it as a
justifiable act. lam surprised at his boldness
in denying what is so generally admitted and
known and can be so easily proven. Thus Su
arez, to whom mv opponent especially refers,
in his work, "De Fide" (lib. vi, cap. 4), argues
that when the preservation of the state requires
it the nation may depose its sovereign, and
may, if necessary, depute any person to kill
him. This is especially true of an heretical
prince, for heresy annuls his title to the throne.
Still, as the Pope is arbiter of these questions, a
sentence of deposition should precede rebel
lion. To deny that the Pope could inflict such
penalties on heretics, no matter what their
rank, is to fall under the suspicion of heresy.
To deny that death is a natural punishment
for heresy is to assail the whole system of per
secution which the church has organized. But
Suarez maintains that tbe deposed king can
only be killed by those whom the Pope has
especially authorized. (Si papa regem deponat
ab illls tantum poterit expelli vel interne!
quibus ipse id commiserit.) v ■ i - y
The Jesuit Mariana is even more outspoken
on this subject. In- his book, "De Rege et
Regio Institutione,'* llbri 111, Mogunt, 1605,
book I, chapters 1 to 5, he treats especially of
the deposition and destruction of tyrants. If
there is no possibility of a popular rebellion
every private person has the right to kill such
a one, not only by open violence, but by secret
means, as, lor instance, by poison. Like a
ferocious monster, he is to be the quarry of
everybody. (Omnium telisexagitardumstatuas
quasi condole monstrum tells Incubans."— Ch.
6, p. 58.)
Mariana speaks with great appreciation of
the tyrannicides of antiquity, and relates with
evident admiration the recent assassination of
Henry 111 of France by the Dominican, Cle
ment— a "monimentum nobile," as he terms
his deed. He tells how this young Dominican,
impelled by religious enthusiasm and having
fortified his courage by the services of the
church, had contrived to obtain an interview
with the King, and had stabbed him to death
with a poisoned knife and himself fell beneath
the swords of the attendants. "Thus," he says,
"did Clement perish, as many deem the eter
nal honor of France * * * a higher might
confirming his courage and strength."
"Happy, indeed, were it for mankind if there
were many of such unflinching resolutions as
to sacrifice life and happiness for the liberty of
their country, etc. (eh. 6, . p. GO). Earlier
than Mariana, a Jesuit whose literary pseu
donym was Ralnold, justified tyrannicide in
his "De Justa Republic-* Christiane in reges
implos et hteretlcos auctoritate," issued in
1592, with the approbation of the Jesuit order
and the King of Spain. Concerning heretical
kings, he says: "Such a one is the greatest
criminal among men, and, according to Holy
Writ, must be put to death," etc.
Dr. Wendte quotes the Jesuit Molina,
Keller, Servies and others on the same
lines and says:
In this connection I may mention that ac
cording to the eminent and trustworthy Ger
man church historian, Dr. Karl Hase, in the
principal college of the Jesuits at Paris a pic
ture formerly hung which represented the
Huguenot King Henry IV as being dragged
down to hell by demons, while his assassin,
Kavaillac, was being lifted to heaven by an
gels.
Still insisting upon his belief in the ut
tera ice of Bellarmine to which Father
Yorke takes exception,' Dr. Wendte with
draws it because of his inability to locate
the expression in the author's voluminous
works, and continues:
See how handicapped my opponent is by the
necessity he is under of clinging to the doc
trine of his church, "Semper idem."
How easy it would be for him to say: "This
intolerance of Aquinas, Bellarmine, Suarez
and all the rest was once the universal doc
trine of the church, but it was hateful, wrong
and 'monstrous.' The church to-day is wiser,
humaner. better than It was hundreds of years
ago. To the modern and enlightened Catholic
conscience such ferocious sentiments and acts
as were enjoined by medieval Popes, councils
and theologians are abhorrent. We have out
grown them."
Against such a plea the fair-minded Pro
testant would have no argument, but would
confess that his own spiritual ancestry was also
intolerant and cruel. '
But this dogma of "always and everywhere
the same" prevents any such frank avowal on
the part of Roman Catholic churchmen. It
would jbe the first step to acknowledging that
that church can change and improve, that she
is not infallible. So Father Yorke is handi
capped at the outset, and I must say with such
odds against him he makes a clever showing
and runs a good race.
In conclusion Rev. Mr. "Wendte says:
I cannot to-day reply to that part of my op
ponent's defense which bears on the problem
of church and state. It will need a separate,
and I hope, so far as I am concerned, a final
article. But I must hasten in closing to ex
press to Father Yorke my sincere gratification
and delight at his frank and manful answer to
my searching question, concerning his own
personal relations to the state. This contro
versy was not undertaken in vain if it only
eventuated In this notable, aud to many, no
doubt, surprising confession: "The constitu
tion and laws of these United States I. have
sworn to uphold, I would uphold them
against any Pope." ___fesß&_P9raJ""gl_i
' I shake hands heartily with you, Father
Yorke, on that sentiment, which I echo with*
all my heart. Whether or not it is consistent
with the teacnings of your church, it does
credit to your good sense, your courage and
your patriotism. For, as I said in mv original
article on church and state in this 'series,
people are rarely consistent in such matters,
and it is fortunate for human socletv that this
is so. .--".*• ■-■■-: ...
We accept Father Yorke as a true patriot
therefore. His declaration establishes the
point I made in my recent letter that the influ
ence of our free American spirit, our political
institutions and the Protestant principles that
underlie them, were making themselves
felt in Roman Catholic circles, and
even , among the Catholic clergy. ; Hence
forth we enroll in our grateful recogni
tion Father Yorke with Father Ducey, Father
McGlynn,. Bishop Ireland and other broad
churchmen and patriotic citizens of Roman
Catholic confession. their tribe in
crease." May the Roman Catholic laity take
the lesson to heart. May they learn from this
brave and outspoken utterance that the state
is above the church in all *■: that concerns tem
poral allairs, and that the decision as to what
constitutes temporal affairs rests not with the
church, but with the civil. tribunals of the
state. . Charles W. Wendte,
Minister Unitarian Church.
. Oakland, January 25, 1890.
There are more than twenty species of
fur-bearing animals known to inhabit the
Hudson Bay country, ranging in size all
the way from the meadow mouse and sand
rat to the cariboo, * musk I ox, bison and
polar bear. .
REV. MR. WEBBER SPOKE
Presbyterian Ministers Hear an
Address by an Episco
palian.
METHODISM AND POLITICS.
Resolutions Against Closing Napa
College — A Strong Paper by
Dr. H. C. French.
The Presbyterian Ministerial Association
took a new departure yesterday morning
in bearing an address by tbe well-known
Episcopal missioner, Rev. Mr. Webber.
Rev. Dr. Farrand introduced the speaker,
who chose as his subject, "Christ's Hope
fulness and Helpfulness." Incidentally
he described mission work among Episco
palians, both in this country and in Eng
land and Australia, and treated his sub
ject along the broadest lines of Christian
fellowship.
"If any infidel remarks that he sees
something glorious in Buddhism or Brah
rninism I simply say, 'Yes, it is a glo
rious thing. God is not without witnesses
even here, but in Christianity all truth and
all light are gathered in. They have par
tial truth, but Christianity has the whole
truth." Speaking of the Presbyterian and
the Episcopal churches Mr. Webber said:
"I rejoice in the thought that God has
only one church in San Francisco. '." There
may be divisions among the children, but
there is but one church."
Mission work in the slums in England
was described, the hearers being told that
the clergy and Bishops parade the streets
under banners and crosses, pausing for
five minute addresses at the street corners
in order to bring in the people.
"Our church in England is going down
into slums that the [salvation Army can
not reach. In proof of this statement the
missioner described the work done by St.
Peters, London docka, a church which has
revolutionized the slums of Whitechapel,
a district which formerly no policeman
dared walk alone. St. Peter's has not
only a magnificent church building, but
also a hospital, a deaconess' home and a
coffee-house. The excellent work done by
St. Bartholomew's, New York, was also
described. Mr. Webber concluded by ex
pressing the hope that eventually all sec
tarian boundaries would melt away and
that religion would consist of "Just
Christ's church and nothing more."
Roy. Mr. Moreland of St. Luke's accom
panied the missioner to the meeting. ;■' v
The meeting concluded with some re
marks on mission work in China by Rev.
Mr. McCarthy. _.-..*;.
Rev. J. E. Henderson addressed the
Methodist ministers yesterday mornine on
ministers and citizenship. "The twen
tieth century preacher," he said, "is first
a citizen and was a citizen before he be
came a preacher. • He will continue to be a
citizen and will die a loyal, patriotic citi
zen." *. • ."■ A; yy/y;
The speaker pointed out how preachers
could extend the sphere of the church by
utilizing means which at present are neg
lected. "The saloon," he said, "has a mo
nopoly on one of the cleanest, the most
scientific games played, and that is bil
liards. The theater, the opera, these
things will last as long as the churches,"
and he pointed out how these amusements
could be turned to the ends of religion
through institutional churches;
In the discussion Rev. M. Baher said he
did not believe in preachers going into
politics. Rev. .J. B. Chcnowith thought
there was not enough, money to run insti
tutional churches. Rev. T. Urmy thought
it would not pay to keep the churches
open like the 'saloons. Dr. Carroll said:
"L think there is a good deal of humbug
about institutional churches."
After the discussion Rev. E. M. Hill in
troduced the following resolutions, which
were laid on the table till next week:
WiiEREAS.The trustees of the University of the
Pacific have decided to close Nairn College at
the end of the present session ana to take steps
immediately toward selling the college prop
erty at Napa; and, whereas, this action seems
premature to a large part of the membership
of this conference, and also unjust, since a
great part of the money given in the late can
vass as subscribed with the idea that it was
to aid Napa College equally with San Jose Col
lege, Instead ot for the purpose of destroying
a prosperous institution for the doubtful "pur
pose 01 trying to rehabilitate a bankrupt one;
and, whereas, this action is of intense inter
est to all California Methodism and ought
to be decided only by a majority
vote of the California conference, since such
a decision means eventually the complete sur
render of our educational work in this con
ference, therefore be it
Resolved, That we petition the trustees of the
university to take no steps toward selling the
property at Napa before the next session ol
the California conference.
Second— That we ask that the college be
opened as usual this fall.
Third— That we deprecate the centralizing of
our educational interests in San Jose, under
the very shadow of Stanford. - .
Fourth— if any change be made the only
safe and sure thing is to shut up both institu
tions and concentrate the work in San Fran
cisco. St^SBB_E«P_-jSS_SB AA' 4/'
At the Congregational Club the attend
ance was not large, but those .who were
present were kept interested by a stirring
paper by Dr. H.C. French dealing with the
duties of ministers and others in toe church.
The paper commenced by outlining the
sacredness of the ministerial office, and
laid much stress upon the necessity for
entire consecration to religious work on
the part of all who embrace it. A com
parison was made between a minister and
a watchman, and entire fidelity insisted
upon as a necessary quality for each.
The essayist was unsparing in his con
demnation of those ministers of -religion
who allow themselves to be dominated by
a worldly spirit, and said that by their
false and misleading interpretation of
scripture, and by their unfaithfulness to
their sacred trust, they sink by degrees to
a lower moral level than that of the sinner
whom they would save. By truckling to
the evil spirit of so-called "higher criti
cism" they undermine, as far as they are
able, the very foundations of the church,
making themselves a spectacle of wonder
and contempt to all mankind, and trailing
the banner of the cross beneath the un
hallowed hoofs of a sneering world.
A sleeping watchman, Dr. French con
tended, was worse, or, in any event, as
bad as a dead one. ■ The true and faithful
sentinel, keeping his unceasing vigil on
the watch towers of Israel, should, he
said, be always on the, alert. ; He should
endeavor with all the energy and wisdom
of his nature to save his charge from all
danger of assault from without and cor
ruption from within.. Above all, he con
cluded; did it behoove all Christiana to
arm themselves by prayer and watchful
ness against. the curse of secret wicked
ness in high places curse which hourly
threatened the church and the world.
Dr. French's paper, by reason of its
straightforward manner of dealing with
matters ecclesiastical, called forth no
small amount of discussion.
Chaplain owell said he considered
there was a great deal of truth in Dr.
French's accusations. •
Mr. Strauss, who was formerly a prom
inent worker in the First Congregational
Church, said: "The church is to blame in
handling ihe iniquities which occur
within it with gloves. There is too great
a disposition to have secret meetings, and
to pull the, wool over people's eyes, instead
of taking the bull by the horns and calling
black black." B
Rev. Dr. Williams refused to discuss the
paper. ■7^_flSXSSStKßßßßfs_^_i : ':- "■/■.
- Mrs. Cooper thought the doctor's stirring
words ought to make all present recollect
their duty of being living epistles and
consistent examples of solid piety to the
world. , a;.
Mr. Coombs agreed with Mrs. Cooper,
and added that while condemning evil in
others, each might well search within his
own* heart and uproot any hidden vice
which he might find. lurking there.
: Mr. Flower said that false religion was
sowing desolation broadcast throughout
the church. A dangerous spirit of novelty
was abroad. There were, he regretted to
say, ministers of religion who, in place of
preaching : Christ crucified, sought out
new and st iking topics wherewith to
please the masses, leaving God ont of their
calculations. He hoped for a genuine re
vival of the true religious spirit among
professing Christians.
The Rev. Dr. Wells of Minneapolis was
introduced to the members, and spoke
most entertainingly for a few minutes, re
calling incidents in his ministerial career
and giving a brief account of his labors in
Canada and elsewhere.
■' Referring to Dr. French's paper, he said
he feared there were ministers in certain
pulpits who had never experienced the re
vivifying effects of divine grace. .At the
same time he was convinced that there
were many clergymen whose lives were
free from blame and whose hearts were
filled with a holy love for the sacred du
ties of their profession. : Ministers nowa
days, he said, could not be exactly like the
Pilgrim Fathers. He said he came of old
Puritan stock himself, but was not an ad
vocate of Puritanical methods.
"Before I came to this coast," he con
cluded, "I had been under the impression
that California was a dry country; but I
arrived in the midst of a rainstorm, and
it has rained ever since. Let us hope that
this material rain, which is now giving
new life to California's fields, may be a
symbol of a great outpouring of the holy
spirit, which will give renewed life and
vigor to the church in the West."
AS TO HEALY'S INEBRIETY.
The Captain of the Bear Criti
cized for Having a Secret
Hearing. 
Lieutenant Daniels Accuses His Su
perior Officer of Insulting
Him— Other Charges.
The investigation of the charges pre
ferred against Captain Healy of the rev
enue cutter Bear will occupy more than
a month yet in the hearing, it is expected.
It went on yesterday morning where it
had left off at the close of last week, and
again the uppermost floor of the Apprais
er's building was gaudy with the blue and
gold uniforms of the regular and petty
officers who have been called. to testify
whether Captain Healy was intoxicated
on the 16th, 17th and 18th of September
last, while in Alaska. » For these are the
charges now being heard. There are other
charges, many others— one, for instance,
to the effect that Captain Healy spat in
the face of a subaltern officer, and several
charges, also, of overhearing conduct
toward under officers, coupled with that
widely general charge of "conduct unbe
coming an officer and gentleman."
But the investigating board has decided
to take up the charges chronologically, and
at present the only question to be consid
ered is whether on the dates specified the
accused was intoxicated. The evidence,
so far, has been rather contradictory, and
while it appears from much of the testi
mony that on the 16th and 17th of Septem
ber, the dates respectively of the "smoker"
held in the wardroom of the Pheasant and
the dance given at the company's house at
Ounalaska. Captain Healy was "under
the weather" — at least a little bit — also
appears other officers in the service were
not entirely sober at that time and place.
On the 18th, the charge is that Captain
Healy was intoxicated while on the wharf,
and that then and. there he used abusive
language and did other things unbecom
ing to a sober gentleman.- ' '7\~~-7
Captain H. D. Smith of the Perry was
the first witness of the day. His testi
mony was rather general in its nature, and
to the effect that he had seen Captain
Healy take a drink occasionally, but never
saw him under the influence of liquor
while on duty. Captain Healy's friends
considered this testimony as favorable,
though Captain Smith and all but one of
the witnesses yesterday were called for the
prosecution. The single exception was H.
C. Fassett, in the United States Fish Com
mission. He was called for the defense
out of turn because he sails to-day on the
Albatross. He had known Captain Healy
a long time and had never seen or heard of
hie; being under the influence of liquor
while on duty. He spoke in the hignest
terms of Captain Healy as an efficient
officer and as a gentleman.
Another witness deemed favorable to
the defense was Ensign W. G. Miller, U.
S. X., who had known the accused for
many year;?.
Lieutenant K. W. Perry of the Grant
testified that Captain Healy was intoxi
cated on the three dates in question and
also once when on board the Grant, when
he used insulting language toward the
witness.
First Assistant Henry O. Slaton of the
Corwin also gave testimony unfavorable
to the accused.
First assistant engineer of the Hartley,
Eugene P. Weber, gave testimony of the
same tenor. Mr. Weber was one of the
signers of the original charges.
Lieutenant F. G. T. Wadsworth of the
Rush was at the "smoker" on board the
Pheasant. He thought Captain Healy
was "partially" under the influence, but
in other respects he spoke very nicely of
the efficiency of the accused as a navi
gator, though at times he was rather gruff
to the subalterns.
Lieutenant J. G. Ballinger of the Rush
mentioned several times in Alaska when
he had seen Captain Healy take a drink
that was stronger than green tea.
Chief Engineer Daly of the Bear gave
testimony adverse to the accused. At the
"smoker" Captain Healy staggered, he
said. And this was also the character of
the testimony given by Lieutenant Car
mine of the Perry. Nor was the evidence
of First Assistant Engineer Henry O. Sla
ton of the Corwin any more favorable to
the captain. It is. impossible to tell ex
actly what transpires within the investi
gating chamber, for the doors are barred
and doubly guarded against" the press.
Friends of the accused yesterday declared
that Captain Healy realized his mistake in
deciding upon it a.; secret hearing of the
charges - and that before long the doors
might be thrown open to the press and the
public.'
Those who are not friends of Captain
Healy criticize him strongly for deciding
in favor of secrecy. If he nad nothing to
fear from publicity he should have left the
doors wide open, they declare. It is ex
pected that some very interesting testi
mony will be developed soon on both sides
of the case. Lieutenant Daniels it is who
will testify that Captain : Healy insulted
him ana then hid in his cabin.
MTJNYON GOING TO EUROPE.
He Leaves in .a Few . Bay. to Open
Branch Stores in" London,
Paris and Berlin.
The marvelous growth and great success of
the Munyon Homeopathic Remedy Company
is an object lesson well wortn studying. This
company has been in existence only four years.
They launched into a business which seemed
already overcrowded, where the sharpest com
petition had to he met, yet we are told that this
company earned last year over a quarter I of a
million dollars, and that the remedies are used
in every civilized country. This* shows what
merit, backed by ceaseless energy and liberal
advertising, can accomplish. '
. Mr. Munyon says he attributes his success to
two reasons. First, making sure that his rem
edies - were just ; what he claimed for them :
second, telling the people the truth about them
by liberal newspaper advertising.* •■•*/.■
"There have been times in the history of this
company," said Mr. Munyon. "when prospects
looked pretty black, but 1 summoned the great
army ot newspapers to my aid. -I told the peo
ple about my remedies. J : asked them to be
lieve me. I kept everlastingly telling the
truth, and to-day these remedies 'can be found
in every town in America," and the demand is
so great from foreign countries that I leave in
a, few days to open branch * establishments in
London, Paris and Berlin."— Philadelphia Rec-
THE BATTLE WITH CHRIS.
Further Arrangements for the
Anti-Buckley Primary
Election.
NEW DATES AND COMMITTEES.
A Special Committee on Election
Officers and an Assessment of
One Dollar Ordered.
, The Junta decided last night to hold its
primary for the election of a new general
committee on the evening of February 24.
This decision was reached at a meeting
of the primary committee of twenty-five
held at the headquarters in the Flood
building, twenty of the members of the
committee and many other anti-Buckley
ites being present. This was the second
and last meeting of the committee of
twenty-five. At its first meeting it cre
ated an executive committee of seven with
power to act, and from now on this com
mittee will have full control of the ar
rangements for the primary in conjunc
tion with Max Popper, Gavin McN3.b and
Samuel Braunhart, the active managers of
the Junta's affairs. The committee con
sists of W. P. Sullivan, chairman, J. F.
McGovern. F. P. Hughes, J. B. Reinstein,
James F. Butler, M. C. Hassett and A. A.
Watkins.
At the meeting last night the following
report from the committee of seven was
approved:
At a special meeting of tbe primary commit
tee of seven of the general committee of the
Democratic party of the Ci'y and County of
San Francisco, held January 23 at Democratic
headquarters, room 17, Flood building, the
following mode of procedure was agreed upon
to be submitted to the committee of twenty
five lor their approval:
Nominations for membership on the district
committees to comprise the general commit
tee of the Democratic party will be made by
the respective district clubs on February 7,
the place of holding such meetines to be" set
tled upon at a later date, and report of nomi
nations to be made upon following evening,
accompanied by !?1 for each nominee.
The date of holding the primary was then
taken under consideration, and by"unanimous
consent the evening of February 24' was se
lected as the time for electing a" new general
committee. :-■',*
. It was duly moved and seconded that the
secretary of the various district committees as
now constituted be notified that they return
the poll lists by January 31, certified to by the
chairman and secretary of their respective dis
tricts, and after due examination of said lists
by this committee, and having received the
official signature of the chairman and secre
tary of the general committee, they shall he
returned to the secretaries of the various dis
tricts to be used at the primary.
W. P. Sullivan, Chairman.
J. F. McGovern, Secretary.
The question of the appointment of
election officers, which the general com
mittee directed should be done by the
members of the new Election Commission,
just removed from power, was settled by
the adoption of a motion by F. P. Hughes,
that the election officers be appointed by a
committee of seven, to be named by Chair
man Sullivan, which committee should
act with P.M. Wellin and James Denman,
the Democratic members of the ousted
commission.
The hours and the places for holding
the primary, which will be according to
the club plan, will be settled hereafter by
the committee of seven, and between now
and the 24th of February the primary will
be the main thing that will enlist the ac
tivity of the Junta faction..
The Buekleyites are talking of. future
compromise as industriously as ever, but
the Junta leaders pin their faith of success
to the expected recognition of them by the
State Central Committee as the regular
party organization of San Francisco.
"There is no possibility of compromise,"
said Chairman W. P. Sullivan last even
ing. "This committee is solid against it,
but even if a majority of it went over to
Buckley the rest would carry through th :
fight and stay with it. The Buekleyites
know that they havn't a leg to stand on
and that their only hope lies in a com
promise that will concede something to
them.
"But you can judge their chance of
being recognized when I tell you that we
have expressions from nearly every mem
ber of the State Central Committee as to
how he stands on the proposition, and
that over 90 per cent, of the members ari
decidedly against Buckley ana in favor of
aiding any. measures that will drive him
out of the party. The State Central Com
mittee now contains 102 members, and as
it happens to be constituted just now it is
exceptionally representative of the best
element ot the party in every county of tne
State. San Francisco has twenty mem
bers, of which seven are conceded to
Buckley and the rest are strongly opposed
to him. "We expect that the State Central
Committee will formally recognize our
organization as the regular party machine
and direct that the call for a State con
vention primary be issued to it."
The stuffed calico cats which are used as
toys are put to good purpose by some of
the Maine larmeis. They are placed in
trees and are said to scare off predatory
birds. :"- ..- *•.--■■*•
SEW TO-DAY.
Gladness Comes
! "lAf ith a better understanding of the
■ » " transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts—gentle efforts— pleasant efforts—
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order ■ to get its bene-
ficial effects,; to A note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine article,
.which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold, by all rep-
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not Deeded.
If afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians* but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
BETTER BE ON YOUR GUARD
There Is a Possibility That a Euro pean
Enemy May Invade Da Again Thlg
Year— A .Suggestion in Time.
The latest news from London indicates the
prevalence of a great deal of influenza, not
only in that city, but throughout England and
Europe. This is the way the grip of last year
started.
There is an unusual amount of coughing,
sneezing, headache, pain in the muscles, espe-
cially around the shoulders and arms, cold
feet; in fact, all the usual grip symptoms.
You may say, Ido not fear the grip. But do
you not fear the terrible things which gripmay
bring? especially pneumonia, which may come
almost in a moment and cause your death
within a day? More people die suddenly from
■ pneumonia than from any ether known com-
plaint. Why? Because it comes unexpectedly,
because it gives no warning, has no symptoms
other than those above stated, and yet it is the
most fatal of all known diseases.
In view of these solemn facts, what shallany
sensible man or woman do who reads these
words? Manifestly guard against the coming
of this dangerous disease. How? Not by dos-
ing with quinine but by strengthening, by ton-
ing tho system with some pure stimulant of
tonic power. There are many which claim to
possess this quality, but there is but one which
actually does possess it. That one is Duffy's
Pure Malt Whiskey. It has stood the test of
years and is the most popular preparation to-
day known to the American people. Physi-
cians recommend it. it is generally used and
it is universally admitted to possess qualities
known only to itself. Do not permit your drug-
gist or grocer to persuade you otherwise, but
insist upon having what you call for.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
ffl $2«65i
ON ACCOUNT OF THE FENCE.
' Do you know a bargain if yon see it? If you do
call and examine a line of Ladies' Button and Lacs
Shoes which we offer for sale this week. They are
made of the finest French vici kid, and have very
pointed toes and pointed patent-leather tips, and
are hand-sewed welts, and we will sell them for
$2.65,
And being hand-sewed welts, they are free from
tacks, nails or threads. They are perfect titters,
and are made in th« very latest style. Hutton or
lace, all sizes, all widths. The regular price ti.
Jgf_T"Country orders ■ouauoo.
*3"Send for New Illustrated Catalo.a*
▲ddress
B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
- _ . . , .
W*AAWW» DOCTOR m*A+J*Mfla*m *
jj w-e- ENGLISH yi I '
<, will stop a cough in a night, check a cold ! >
« I in a day, and cure consumption if taken 9
•x , in time. If the little ones have Croup or >
"i . —__ Whooping Cough, j '
* | /^--^"N use tt promptly. >
"I ._**k. £ 'niinßEi Croup is a very j»
"5 £i "^*S»*S'~_-^i _. _ fatal disease. > •
i I iv *-\'liS __. flFlv*-" s Full one- »
' I P» *** <S_S>s__7>-_^*' "^.-^A, -* 1 a* ** ° f *
* I \7 _. Jfw_» *'S those at- ,► .
' I fCff •»«_>»» / iji. __• tacked die. ,»
7 r^^^T*^}^^- The great A
J \~^ — \ * /•,'*_—, l*_> danger is , »
7 „,,_ . ■** 'in delay. , »
« | The disease progresses so rapidly that ] '
' i the loss of a few hours in treatment is ,►
' | often fatal. Acker's English Rf.me- «
' ! dy will cure Croup, and it should al- >
' | ways be kept in the house for , »
' | emergencies. A 25 cent bottle may >
J save your child's life. I
. , 1 Three sizes: 25c, 50c, $1. All Druggist* 1 J
; , BACKER MEDICINE CO. j /
/ 16 &18 Chambers St. r New York. <',
GRATEFUL— COMFORTING.
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
'Ti A THOROIGH KNOWLEDGE OP THB
X_ natural laws which govern the operations at
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful applica-
tion «f the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Eppi has provided for our breakfast and supper
a delicately flavored beverage, which may save us
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious
use of such articles of diet that a constitution m_y
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist
every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtla
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may escaps
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sol&
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
3 AMES EPPS & CO., Ltd., Homoeopathic
Chemists, London, England.
I DR. PIERCES *§_& ULHIIC
CHAIN BELT \
: Is the Latest Patent; contains all Improvements
and is sold at oneJinlf tbe price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts. ■
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
1 been made wtnr- physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief. „ .
The strongest possible evidence will be Riven to
inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierces belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these ccods with all others is re-
spectfully invited of all intending -.inrciiasers of an
Electric Belt. . J»*S~ Call or write for free Pam.U-
let No. 2." Address
I)l{f". PIERCE & SON*.
704 Sacramento Stroat.
. 2d, 3rd and 4th floors, san Francisco. CaU
K_^||&2§ss^*-fe
*__L*it •,-"■ ■£**•*•? '■*s_*^«f-_2 ■••*'-, / -
Ho Percentage Ph&rmaej, 95. Market St
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE AN A KITTKKS thk
great Mexican Remedy; gives Health »aJ
■fc-tru ucth to Sexual Organs. wealth »aJ
HEALTH RESORT^
THE ST. HS^rSAmiC
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY CAL
A UATIOXAL HEALTH RESORT !
i Send for Circular.THE ENGINE WAS
TORN TO PIECES
The Damage Done By
the Baden Train
Wreck.
THE ROADBED ALL GONE
Futile Efforts of the Wrecking
Crew to Replace the
Cars.
GREAT CABLES WERE BROKEN.
The Train Ran Over Much Dangerous
Track Before It Was
Finally Ditched.
Engine 1412, which carried Engineer
Jack Keyer to his death in the railroad
wreck near Baden station on Sunday even
ing, lies a twisted and shattered mass of
THE WRECKED SAN JOSE LOCAL AS IT LAY IN THE MUD OF THE BADEN MARSH YESTERDAY.
[Sketched on the spot by a "Call" staff artist.]
broken steel, iron and brass in the muddy
flat where it fell when the undermined
roadbed failed to support its weight. The
waters have receded now and the full ex
tent of the disaster can be realized from
the condition of the derailed cars. The
engine lies completely on its side, sunk in
mud to the depth of two feet or more.
The force with which it plunged off the
embankment must have been terrific, for
every breakable piece on the right side, as
well as the cab, is shattered, and some
portions lie a considerable distance from
the track, either thrown by the force of the
fall or carried away by the torrent pouring
under the track. The cowcatcher of the
<*ngine was . found yesterday morning
1 jdged in a barbed-wire fence man y yards
irom the wreck. It had been broken clear
oft dv the shock. B-T^jßi
The broken and splintered top of the
cab on which Fireman Gill supported his
battered body, and endeavored to draw
the dying engineer, lies in the mudflat,
with the signal-bell and cord still hanging
to it. Fully fifty yards from the track the
battered headlight sticks up out of a mud
pond, where it was carried by the water
and afterward partly covered by the sedi
ment deposited by the receding flood. All
about were scattered tools, oil-cans and
other accessories of the locomotive, to
gether with portions of the clothing of the
engineer and fireman.
The engine itself looks beyond repair.
The smokestack is battered all out of sem
blance of its original shape, and the
throttle and levers are twisted and bent.
The main body of the machine is bent
and broken about the middle, showing the
boilers inside where the covering is shat
tered.
The baggage-car.which as usual followed
the engine, also lies on its side in the
mud, battered and broken. The roof shows
where the contact with fence and telegraph
posts tore the tin away and a few charred
boards indicate where the fire, that was
happily quenched in its incipiency, had
eaten its way through.
The smoker was only saved from going
completely into the mud by the interven
tion of a stout telegraph pole against
which the roof rests and supports the en
tire structure. _t#_B--§
The car was still standing on the inse
cure tracks when the passengers made
their exit on Sunday night, but the per
t-Kent waters worked away at the road
bed until it too slid off into the marsh.
The extent of the washout and
the complete manner in which the water
destroyed the roadbed was evident when
daylight came yesterday and the wrecking
crew got to work. The rails were gone
entirely with their supporting ties, all
having slid into the rushing waters when
the weight of the engine was thrown upon
them. In some places where the rails
Btill remained they showed a decided de
pression where the water baa carried the
ballasting away evenly and the weight of
the train had simply pressed the ties down
to the earth.
iroraan examination of the tract and
roadbed over which the train had passed
lor some distance before being wrecked it
would seem that the engineer must have
entirely underestimated the danger of the
road. Ihe train had evidently passed
over a number of small washouts where
the ties were almost entirely unsupported
before the fatal plunge occurred, and there
are evidences on each side that the water
was up to the "level of the track
for fully 300 yards from where the wreck
occurred. It is certain that had Engineer
Keyer connected the red signal of which
Fireman Gill warned him, with thought
of the torrents of water rushing along
each side of the track in plain view, he
must have known that some great danger
was impending. The sheets of water were
in plain view from the moment the train
passed Baden station, and the roar of the
water as it rushed under and;over the
track could not have been drowned by the
noise of the train.
When the wrecking crew began opera
tions yesterday morning the first efforts
were directed to rescuing the effects of the
passengers from the baggage-car, and the
trunks, valises and baskets that were
fished out were a sorry sight. Water ran
from them as they were lilted on to a flat
car, and from many broken packages pro
truded bits oi sadly bedraggled feminine
finery.
When the baggage was finally carried
away, the wrecKing crew began the work
of rebuilding the track so that the dam
aged cars could be brought back to the
line and sent to the shops for repairs. The
manner in which the broken rails and ties
were wedged under the cars made it im
possible to move them, so that an entirely
new section of track was necessary. The
earth of the embankment was so soft from
the drenching it had received that it was
hours before it was in condition to receive
the cars. Then a new difficulty presented
itself.
The mud that had settled about tbe cars
had fixed them firmly in their positions,
and, tug and puff as it might, the wreck
ing engine was not able to move them.
The smoker was first encircled with a huge
cable, which was run over the derrick on
the tender, and the engine put forth all its
strength. The timbers of the smoker and
tender creaked and groaned and the engine
snorted, but the car did not budge, and in
the midst of the exertions the cable parted
I like a packthread without having accom
plished the slightest result. Another
cable from the supply in tbe wrecker was
fastened on, but it also parted when the
strain became great, and the car remained
as un movable as ever. By this time
the rain was falling in torrents, and the
floods that had partially subsided began to
rise again and hamper the efforts of the
men. An attempt was made to shovel the
mud away, but the water interfered and
the effort was given up. Attention was
then devoted to raising the trucks of the
smoker out of the way. This was accom
plished without much difficulty, but was
about all that was achieved beyond
repairing the roadbed. • It will be several
days before the line is cleared sufficiently
to permit traffic, and it is doubtful, accord
ing to the wrecking crew, whether the
engine can ever be taken out of its muddy
bed entire. It will probably be a fit sub
ject for the scrap people." .
The reason for the washout was the con
formation of the land on the south side of
the track. Directly opposite the break a
sharp point of land Juts out into the
basin. The swift current striking this was
diverted in an acute angle- toward the
track, and as; the culverts . were inade
ouate to carry off the ; water, it found ifs
way over and unde.r-the? track; .
General Manager Kruttschnitt was busy,
nearly all - day- yesterday listening to the
stories of the. ".crews, of * the 'trains
wrecked. Saturday and Sunday— the one of
Saturday at Santa Clara and that of Sun
day near 'Baden. At the close of the day
the investigation had not been completed,
but Mr. Kruttschnitt stated as soon as all
the testimony-had' been heard, he would
make public : the result . : of the investiga
tion. . . -*.-■ ■-. ■ -- ' ■ .». -*■--• :.'- t
Mrs. Carlyle.
It soon became a habit to watch- for the
familiar carriage, and either to welcome
Mrs. Carlyle for a visit or to go with her
for a drive. She often came to me on Sun
day afternoon. One wet and dreary day
I was sitting alone when the bell rang. I
gladly ran to answer it, and saw a strange
gentleman standing there; but looking be
yond him, I saw the dear face < smiling at
me from the carriage window. I was eager
ly dashing forward, but was peremptorily
waved back, with orders to get my bonnet
and come out. George Cooke" was our
companion, and in spite of the wind arid
rain we were all very bright and merry,
Mrs. Carlyle taking my hand and holding
it in hers for a great part of the time.* -
_ The day she and Miss Jewsbury came I
had seen Punch's Christmas Almanac,
and on its cover were likenesses of all the
principal literary people, very comical
and funny, with absurd doggerel couplets
describing them. Among these "I spied
"Carlyle and Tyndall" together. Carlyle
was in full Scotch costume; in one hand
be carried a child's spade and pail, and
with the other he was throwing pens and
ink over his shoulder, and the lines were
these:
Carlyle, having finished " -"riedrich " altogether
Is off to *^f*arboro' to spend the summer weather.
Oh, bow she lauehed, and how delighted
she was! "The first lime Punch has taken
any notice of him," she said. Another
time Mrs. Carlyle said. "There is some
thing in the carriage for you— run and
look." I , found ' there a large blue china
plate, , still* happily in toy possession.—
Blackwood's Magazine. ;.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
PAINTERS THREATEN WAR
An Open Letter to the Bosses
Which Plainly States the
Case.
WILL BID ON ALL CONTRACTS.
Journeymen Determined to Fight if
Their Demands Are Not Com
plied With. "-;.-
The painters, decorators and paper
hangers of this City have at last put on
their war paint and last evening at their
union meeting they held a regular ghost j
dance. The trouble is caused by the mas- j
ter painters or bosses paying no • attention '
to the demands of the men who have been
endeavoring to secure better terms for i
their services. ''",-.
For several years the painters have been
obliged to accept such wages and work
such hours as pleased the bosses. Ac
cording to their statements they were
barely able to make a living, and their
condition promised to become worse in
stead of better. At last they determined
to organize for self-protection, and within
the past six months their union has ml
l creased its membership from a few dozen
|to 700— a majority of the painters in the
City. ;
I A month or so ago the Painters and
Decorator.' Union gave notice that on
March l.a demand would be made for $3 as
the minimum for a day's pay for eight
hours' work. Also that the working-card
system would be enforced, no painter be
ing allowed to work on a job with a non
union man. Several times since, so the
painters say, they have attempted to ob
tain an expression from the bosses upon
the subject, but the latter have paid no at
tention to the request, and it was reported
they had no intention of complying with
the. journeymen's demand on March 1 or
any other date. This caused the union to
take action, and last evening the following
manifesto or open letter to the boss paint
ers was unanimously adopted:
San Francisco, Jan. 27, 1896.
- To the Master Painters of San Francisco and
Oakland— Gentlemen: Many attempts have
been made in the past by the journeymen
painters to elevate the condition of our trade,
but they have been failures. After mature de
liberation we have arrived at the conclusion
that the time is now ripe for one more effort
in the same direction, and we now make the
following propositions:
First— The working day shall be eight hours
and the minimum pay for any portion of a day
6hall be a quarter of a day's wage. Overtime
shall be at the rate of time and a half, except
Sundays, which shall be rated as double time.
Second— rate of wages shall De $3 per
day.
Third— The working-card system shall be put
in force. This means that none but those be
longing to the Progressive Painters* and Dec
orators' Union •of San Francisco and Oakland
or affiliated organizations shall be employed.
We have briefly outlined our demands, and
in the event of your acceding to the same we
propose to do the following in your behalf:
First— We will bind all of our members not to
undertake any contracting, lv the event of a
member desiring to take any contract he
shall resign from the union and shall not be
eligible for membership then: until the expira
tion of one year. Due notification will be
given to you in such cases. Second— When the
time arrives when you may decide to refuse
payment of percentages, etc., to house agents
aud others, or whenever you may find it neces
sary to make a standi for obtaining contracts
direct and without the intervention of build
ers or other intermediaries, we will stand by
you and support your efforts in* those direc
tions, and moreover will further assist you by
exposing all contractors who do not live up to
their agreements and contracts as let.
If, on the other hand, you refuse to comply
with the foregoing demands we will at once
proceed to take all the contracts we can get at
whatever prices it may be necessary to make
to secure the same.
We will band ourselves together in firms and
partnerships and offer our services to all per
sons needing the same, without reference to
wages or time.
You will recognize that If such a mate of
affairs should come to pass your profits will be
entirely eliminated, while we will be no worse
off than the present outlook of the trade prom
ises to make us in a very short time. .
• The necessity for harmonious action must be
apparent to all, and we as a body stand ready
to do our part to render the conditions of the
trade as prosperous as they can be under the
existing circumstances.
"The painters have been forced to take
this step," said one of the leading mem
bers of the union last evening. "There
was one feature that will be incorporated
in that letter and that 'is ', that the mini
mum wages of paper-hangers shall be $4
per day of eight hours.','
The painter went on 7to explain a few,
facts \ concerning . the condition . of the;
journeymen . in , the trade, ..* He said that
under the present system the - painters
of this City and Oakland *: are not • earn
ing on' an average over y: $7 50 per
week, and even at these rates some of the
best workmen in the City are"; out 'of em
ployment. The reason tie gave was that a-
large number of the bosses are employing
sailors who want a little vacation ashore
and who will worK on general house and
similar jobs for very small wages. They
also employ a number of young boys to do
general painting, and they pay the lads as
little as possible. Speaking of the warlike
manifesto he said : .
Yes, it is warlike and we mean It— every
word and suggestion. We will stand by those
who will treat us fairly, but we have arrived
at that point that we will Bght those who are
inclined to be oppressive. We cau get all the
stock for painting that we want, and we will
underbid the bosses on any kino, of work that
they try to secure. It will kill the trade we
w«ll know, but in killing it, we will drive the
bosses out of business. While the fight lasts the
public will get the benefit of better work and
prices than ever before in the history of this
State. We can afford to give the architects and
builders higher percentages to help us secure
contracts than the bosses can stand. If the
house-owner will pay 10 or 20 per cent we will
wait longer for the balances than the painting
contractors usually wait. Moreover, we will
give better work for the money. At present
the bosses cotract to put on, say four coats
of first-ciass paint. Instead they put on
only two or three coats of trashy stuff. There
are very few jobs done in this City but what
are "scamped," and the painter who dares to
! betray his employer's crookedness is black
i listed in every shop in this City. And the
' people wonder why the paint blisters, bleaches
j and cracks until it looks like an alligator skin.
If it comes to a. fight we will Bhow up the boss
painters and their methods.
In adopting this resolution it Is not with the
idea of making any money by fighting the
bosses but of driving them out of business, so
that in time a new order of contractors may
come to the front. We are not disposed to be
unfair In this matter, but it is desperation that
has driven us to take this step. We will again
invite the bosses to meet us in our meeting and
discuss the situation. We will let them pre
sent any arguments and facts they desire, and
we will be lair in considering their words.
But as the case stands now, we will fight to the
bitter end. As I said, the bosses will suffer and
the journeymen painters will suffer, but the
public will be benefited.
A Clever Sneak Thief.
"»Vah Chung, tailor, 729 Washington street,
reported at police headquarters last night the
loss of a bolt of cloth, valued at $45. Two
middle-aged men entered his store in the
afternoon and one of them got measured for a
pair of trousers. While that was in operation
the other, who had thrown his overcoat on top
of the bolt of cloth, picked both up and walked
out, remarking to his friend that he would see
him again in a few minutes. When the other
had also taken his departure Chung missed
the bolt of cloth.
SUTRO LINE OPERATED.
r\ • _• a-m T"» i -Mr , m
Opening of the Road Yesterday
Without Any Fuss or
Ceremony.
Cars Running Smoothly, Over the New
Track and Carrying Many
• ' Passengers.
The Sutro electric line was opened yes
terday morning without any ceremony.
Four cars were placed on the main line
and one on Eighth avenue, which is the
. branch line to the park.
• The first car left the carhouse on Cle
ment street, at 7:50 o'clock in the morn
ing, in charge of Motorman Edward Mer
ritt. It was run to Central avenue and
then made the run to the Cliff terminus.
"We started the road this morning with
four cars on the main .line on fifteen min
utes headway,'.' said Superintendent E. M.
Van Frank yesterday afternoon," and we
placed one car on the park branch. The
service will be increased as the traffic de
mands. On Sundays and holidays we
shall put on twenty-two cars, run'nine on
three minutes' headway on the main line
arid two minutes on tho Eighth-avenue
•branch. The time from Central avenue to
the Cliff House has been about twenty
three minutes to-day."
The cars of the new -line are painted
white, with red trimmings, and trolley
rods of • carmine i. hue. They are of two:
sizes, each larger than those in use on the
Mission -street line. The new company
transfers to and from the Sutter-street line
at Sutter street and Central avenue. The
fact that the line would be operated was
announced in The Call yesterday, and
during the day the new cars** were
crowded with i people, y who, in - spite •* of
the storm, 1 were anxious to ride over the
new road. T The greater stretch of the road
is over a portion of the City that is com
paratively undeveloped. The terminus at
the Cliff House is A covered depot, which:
has an exit to the great * highway and an
other that opens into the Sutro baths. h*
The cars ran smoothly, and there was
but one mishap— a new motorman in tak
ing a car out of the' carhouse succeeded in
making .it jump the - track. No '■ damage
was done to the car and no one was in
jured. ~ . : ■ -
; The majority of the men who were work
ing yesterday were formerly in the employ
of the Sutter-street company.
7 A starch bath will aid to soften and
whiten the skin. It is made by dissolving
half a pound of starch in water, and adding
it to the bath. . *..,*•, -
WRANGLED OVER SALARIES
Employes ; of the Illegal Election
Commission May Get No
/Money.
THE- MAYOR WANTS THEM PAID
-. i ■ ■ i
7 y-/y '•-' , / '
Broderick Criticizes Hinton's Declara
tion That Schenck Was the Reg
istrar's Appointee.
Tangles and surprises were encountered
by the Election Commissioners when they
met yesterday for the first time in seven
months. The trouble arose over the de
mand for their salaries by the clerks of
the illegal commission. The surprise came
when Registrar Hinton declared he, acting
as Registrar, had appointed ", the men,
although at the time they were appointed
he was acting as chief clerk of the board
which the Supreme Court ruled a few days
ago had no existence. '**•
• The meeting was held in Mayor Sutro's
private office. Tax Collector Block, Aud
itor Broderick and City Attorney Creswell
were present to listen to a little address by
the Mayor upon the circumstances that
had led to the resumption by the Com
missioners of the duties of this particular
office. ' City Surveyor Tilton did not ap
pear.
When the board got down to work Reg-
istrar Hinton read the minutes of the last
meeting, which was held in June, 1896.
Mr. Hinton wanted the performances of
the men who were acting as Commission
ers under the unconstitutional law of 1895
approved and the employes paid.
This aroused' City Attorney Creswell.
; He was unwilling to consent to any such
course. *../.'• *-■..*.
"I will do all I can to sustain the acts of
that body till it comes in opposition to the
law," > he said. "Then I will stop. The
commission is declared to. have been il
legal—in fact it never existed in law. So
: none of its acts or contracts are legal, and
none of its obligations are binding on the
City." ■4-A'yz-y
The City Attorney then explained that
the ousted Commissioners were not de
facto officers, for there was no de jure office
for them to fill. Had there been ade jure
office then their acts would have been
binding on the City even though the Com
missioners were illegally appointed. But
the de jure office was filled Dy the old
board. "So the new Commissioners had
never really been officers at all, and their
"appointees, therefore, could not expect
any salary. . .
jj "But," Mr. Hinton argued, "there has
only been one commission. I was the
registrar of that commission, and I ap
pointed Mr. Schenck and Mr. Metzner. So.
they are legally employes of the City."
"Technically, your statements may be
all right," said Mr. Cresswell; "but in fact
I'm afraid you're a little off, Mr. Hinton,
for I remember distinctly . your coming to
'my office with one of the recently deposed
Election Commissioners to ask me to in
dorse all ' their acts. ; This, , you will re
member, I had to refuse to do. And the
records of that Election - Commission will
show that both men were appointed by a
special resolution, will they not?"
Mr. Hinton admitted that this was. the
case. But he " added that the men had,
done good work and earned their salaries.
7 Mr. Creswell said he would like to see
the men get their money. He thought
that if the board allowed the claims they
would be acting illegally and ' rendering
their bondsmen liable for tbe amount. In
order that some retribution might be made
he was willing,- though he did • not know
the men or their politics, to vote for a res
olution requesting the Registrar, to - put
them to work and keep them at work as
soon as possible. He then moved that the
claim of James S. Reynolds, the clerk and
messenger of the board, be paid. Reynolds
was one of their own appointees and had
been continued at work. ."7.
> Tax " Collector ' Block thought that . if
Reynolds 1 was paid, all should get their
money. - So he wanted to "T amend Mr.
Creswell's motion. by having the claims of
Chief Clerk W. T. Y. Schenck and C. F.
Metzner added. -'■■: :
a ■ •'These men have been doing necessary,
work," Mayor Sutro ■ said. "I think they
should all be paid."
-■ ■ Mr.' Creswell said he was not Mr. Sutro's
legal adviser, but he assured the Mayor
that his opinion would be made evident
by hjs vote. /aa '
<* He then voted- with Auditor Broderick
against Mr. Block's amendment. The
'Mayor voted V with Mr. - Block and '■'. the
amendment was lost. But Mr. Creswell's
appeal to allow, Mr, Reynolds' claim,
about which there "was no dispute, was
also : lost,' for Mayor Sutro ' voted against
it in order to get i more time for considera
tion, and Mr. Block voted against it be
cause he was not willing to vote to pay
one and not all. ,; .
* Mr. Hinton announced that men had
been selected as officers - for the coming
primaries. ,He remarked ; that he "as
sumed the election would be held," and
supposed they would continue the prepar
ations for it. • '.:•■ .
The City Attorney warned him against
assuming too much. Mr. Creswell called
attention •to the fact that tho Supreme
Court would be very likely to : declare the
primary election law unconstitutional.
For this reason, he said, he was unwilling
to consent to . any action requiring the ex
penditure of money, as he knew of no
one who had any of it to give away unless
it were' the chairman, Mr. Sutro. So no
action was taken on this matter. 7 -
The Mayor thought that under the cir
cumstances it would be better to adjourn,
subject lo the call of the chair. Mr.
Broderick objected. He declared that he
wanted no more adjournments subject to
the call of the chair. He wanted meetings
held every Monday morning at 10 o'clock,
and he wanted them held not in the
Mayor's office, but in -the office of the
Registrar. This was decided upon. ..
Mr. Broderick yesterday gave Mr.' Hin
ton six warrants for $300 each. These were
for his salary as Registrar during the six
months he was acting as chief clerk for
the. non-partisan Election Commission.
Mr. Htnton also had in six claims for $250
each as chief clerk of the Election Com
mission. These will now be withdrawn.
"I was also prepared to sign. Mr. Rey
nolds' warrants and those of J. F. Ken
nedy, our messenger," said Mr. Broderick.
"I recalled that they were appointed by
the board and hence I did not have the
power. I did not doubt that permission
would be received at once.
"If Mr. Hinton persists in his declara
tion that W. T. Y. Schenck and C. F. Metz
ner were appointed by him and not by the
illegal Board of Election Commissioners,
he will be put in an awkward position. It
will be shown then that he made his chief
clerk, Peter McGiade, a Democrat, resign,"
in order that he might appoint a Republi
can, Mr. Schenck, in his place.
"If Mr. Hinton comes to me and insists
upon \ the statement that Schenck - and
Metzner were appointed by him, acting as
Registrar, I will have to pay .their salaries.
It will be a queer thing, to say the least,'
for it is well known that Schenck did not i
get the appointment till September, three
months after there was a vacancy, because !
the Election Commissioners could not de
cide on whom to appoint. And besides, !
Mr. Hinton was not recognized as Regis- i
trar at that time, but was recognized and j
had presented salary claims as chief clerk
of the commission. - ■*-••*■-
Mr. McGiade yesterday received a war- j
rant for twenty-two days' labor performed !
for the Registrar in July. 1895. He has j
been reappointed to his old place by Mr.
.Hinton. ■: y/'/Ayt -y.yp4 x
FRUITS PROM LABRADOR.
Huckleberries, Red Currants and Rasp
,*: berries In Plenty. •;.■-;'■:
In spite of latitude and Arctio current
Labrador is the home of much that is
delicious in the berry world. Three varie
ties of blueberries, huckleberries, wild red
currants, having a pungent, aromatic
flavor unequaled by the cultivated varie
ties, marshberries, raspberries, tiny white
capillaire teaberries, with a flavor like some
rare perfume, and having just a faint sug
gestion of wintergreen; squashberries,
pearberries and curlewberries. the latter
not so grateful as the others, but a prime
favorite with the ; Esquimaux, who prefer
it to . almost any other; and lastly
the typical Labrador fruit, which, ex
cepting a few scattering plants in Canada
and Newfoundland, is found nowhere out
side of the peninsula— the gorgeous bake
apple. These cover the entire coast from
the St. Lawrence to the TJneava. Their
beautiful geranium-liKe leaves struggle
with the reindeer j moss upon the islands,
carpet alike the low valleys and the high
hill tops, and even peep from banks of
everlasting snow. Only one berry grows
upon each plant, but this one makes a
most delicious mouthful.. It is the size
and form of a large dewberry, but the
color is a bright crimson, half-ripe,' and a
golden yellow at maturity. Its taste is
sweetly . acid it is exceedingly juicy and
so delicate that it might be thought im
possible to preserve it. Outing.
NEW; TO-DAT. .
WHEN you are seeking a cure for some ailment that is sap-
ping your very life away you naturally look for a remedy
which is highly recommended by persons who have tried it. If
you see the testimony of some indefinite, unknown person you
are skeptical as to its honesty, because you don't know the person
and you can't take . chances on somebody you never heard of.
But when a man whose friends are the leading men of the ' State,
a merchant who is known and respected by all men in business,
who is known by everybody within a radius of twenty miles of
where he lives when you see the testimony of such a man you
cannot dispute nor deny its truth. Such a man is Mr. L. L.
Jaccard, Jeweler, San Leandro, Cal., and this is what he says
about his cure by ,
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt:
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., December 14, 1895.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: As many of my friends and other people have
asked me as to the truth of my statement -riven to you some time ago about my cure
of varicocele and weakness by your Belt, I have taken great pleasure in assuring them
that it is so, every word of it. lam cured of my varicocele, and also of the weakness
which it caused, and I am sure my cure is permanent, for I am 49 years of age, and
when a man can feel as strong— as well Ido now, after suffering for twenty-six
years from such a trouble as I had, the cure must be permanent. Nothing but pure
gratitude to you and my desire to help my fellow-man prompts the use of my name in
this manner. I will never tire of recommending your Belt. Yours gratefully,
JL. L. JACCARD.
<^jU^^fjMffe or all manner of weakness
- Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt is the
i^^Kw*l^!t&^S^^»^^_^-_* most certain cure. For Vari-
Hjß§S*^&v *'-^)ji , «§'§s^B j cocele — that insidious disease
•%//!>* l***^*k which saps the vital power from
. men — i* i 3 an absolute and the
only cure. The book "Three
/^ s * ,4^^^^^s^'^ Classes of Men" should be read
■ m ' •■'*'■. ' :by every man who is weak. It
is free. Call and test this wonderful Belt.' A regular practicing
physician of thirty. years' experience can be consulted here free
of charge. When medicines. can be used they will be given free
with the Belt. .
S___-_Sri3____NT ___Xj_E3C"T , _F-._CO go.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 6 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
M^"**^ l^ MMI " M "^"^^'**^^ MM **^ 1 " 1
I^Es______^7^z^_^m^_______m__m
PT? "<*? _KW ■<**. 0 tlon of a °"'s French physician, quickly cure you of all ner-
-7P *<? W §&>s» Sow 0 tlon °* a famous French physician, wiU quickly cure you of all ncr- -
■ \l\ 4_l *-l\r ', M 01 " 3 or ."^M^o*^« generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
H T £3_l V* ____U Insomnia, 1 'atnsln the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
1 _W^L\ T ''S&Sy £ lm Lufitnesa to Marry, K_haustin? Drains, Varicocele and
PS ■TV A V_ ' ' -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick- "
:-.-%_'■. \ >»__«*'* - ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
B BEFORE and AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. i-"_-pi_»E_fE cleanses the liver, _.« ;
aa ac.r_.ni_ *-w «ri _.n kidneys and the urinary organs of ah fcmpuritiea.
■■ CUPIDENE strengthens and restores -mall weak organs. ■>.-■.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with .
:.- "Proa title. CUPI DENE is ths only known remedy to cure without an operatic**. 5000 testimoni- .
als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cur%
$1.00 a box, six for f 5.00. by mall. Send for fbee circular and testimonials. » .
.7 Address DA VOL. MEDICINE I CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cat - ForSaleby
•■- BROOKS' PHARMACY. 119 PowtU street J
RIDDEN TO RUIN BY ISMS
The Fanatic and His Unbridled
Reign in the State of
Kansas.
MANY PEOPLE DRIVEN AWAY.
Councilman McLean on the Hard Times
as Brought About by Prohibition
and Populism.
Among the arrivals here yesterday were
B. F. McLean, member of theV_ity Coun
cil of Wichita, Kans., and S. R.Oliver,
a leading business man of Wichita. It
has grown dull in the Southern Kansas
town, and they have been looking about
for a new location.
"There have been so many isms in Kan
sas," said Councilman McLean, "that they
have knocked business, and rendered
money extremely hard to get. There was
a craze a while over prohibition. We shut
off on liquor of all kinds entirely, and as
the result of the movement drove large
numbers of people from the State.
"The foreigners went almost altogether,
and people from the outside stopped com
ing in.
"Then Populism had an inning, and
hat the ultra-Prohibitionists didn't do
the Populists did. I suppose they meant
well. Governor Lewellyn, who went into
office on the Populist wave, is a well
meaning man no doubt, but one way or
another before the Populists got through
t-V^y had injured the State.
"Mrs. Lease, who lives at Wichita,
gained for us much notoriety. She is not
popular in her home town, but I suppose I
am not telling a secret when 1 observe this.
Still the lady never did me any harm.
"In the old flush times Wichita had 40,
--000 people. Now it has 23,000. I suppose
a good many of the 40,000 were transient,
but the falling down in population, to
gether with political conditions, will give
an idea how things now are there.
"Wichita is in a very rich section, and
is the metropolis of a large region. It sells
large quantities of goods to Oklahoma.
Still, it isn't what it ought to be.
"I am a Republican, and as such I am
satisfied if we had not bad prohibition,
populism and other political beliefs of an
impractical character thrust upon us we
would have been a long way better off."
Mr. McLean and Mr. Oliver are engaged
in the lumber business in Wichita. They
have visited Los Angeles and other Cali
fornia cities with the intention of making
a new location in some one of them if a
suitable opening can be found. They are
at the Occidental.
The Druids.
* Laurel Grove initiated one candidate at its meet
ing last Friday, conferred the second degree and
received one application.
There was a large attendance at 'he last meeting
of Slgel Grove to witness the conferring of the
third degree on two candidates.
Vasco de Gamu Grove at its last meeting con
ferred the degree on two candidates and the
Druid's degree on five. , .Two applications were re
ceived.
Sonoma Grove has purchased a lot in the ceme
tery of that city ana has expended $500 in Im
provements on it, and will use the same for the
burial of Druids. This grove was recently pre
sented a handsome banner emblematic of the or
der by Mrs. Olivieri, the wife of the noble arch.
This grove is doing remarkably well.
Volta Grove is making arrangements for a mas
querade ball on the Kith of February. .
The grand officers have gone to Fort Bragg to
Institute a new grove there.
On the 18th a new grove was instituted, Mendo
cino Grove. No. 105. The instituting officers were
A. Olno, acting >*. G. A., A. Baalieru, D. G. A.,
and J. J. "Uollison, grand secretary. The three de
grees were conferred and the officers were Installed.
The grove starts with a membership of twenty
and the officers promise to do. oie tho number
within a month. . 3_____G__B_* .
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET..
Mutton and Lamb advanced.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat sensitive and unsettled.
Barley, Oats and Corn dull.
Rye In better demand and firm.
Large receipts of Bran.
Hay 60c off.
Beans very dull.
No change In Flour.
Large arrivals of Potatoes.
Onions lower and more plentiful.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs off again.
Game lower. Poultry quiet.
Large quantities of frozen Oranges here.
Apples quiet but firm.
Provisions unchanged.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpartmknt OF AGRICrI/-
Tt-RE, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Jan
uary 27, 1896, 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast : ' ' .' .' . :
1 he following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with 'hose of the same date last season :
Eureka 23.25, last season 23.73; Red Bluff 13.49,
last season 22.27; Ban Francisco 12.09. last season
19.****: Fresno 4.02, last season 9.62: san Luis
Obispo 11.89. last season 20.64: Los Angeles 5.47,
last season 11.19: San Diego 2.52, last season 9.61;
Yuma .32, last season 2.1*9.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 51, mean 54. Rainfall for last twenty
four hours 1.35 inches. Total rainfall for this storm
at San Francisco 2.58 Inches.
The storm which has been central off the coast for
the past four days has apparently broken Into two
storms, each of macta less severity. An area of low
pressure overlies Washington and Northern Idaho
to-night, accompanied by cloudy weather and light
rain. An area of low pressure is central to-night
over Central and Southern California and heavy
rains have fallen in the fan Joaquin Valley and
south to the Gulf of California. The pressure is
rising along the northern toasts and falling along
the southern coasts. The last-named low will
probably move southeastward into Arizona, New
Mexico and Mexico. The temperature has re
mained nearly stationary over the entire Pacific
Slope except in Southern California, where it ha«
become cooler. The rivers have risen generally
a .1 the following stages are reported: Colusa
25.5 feet, rising: Marysville 14, rising: Sacra
mento 26. rising; Folsom 16.5, rising; Redding
13.2, falling; Oroville 13; Red Bluff 24.6, rising.
Heavy rains have fallen in the Sacramento Val
ley and the river will reach a dangerously high
stage. Heavy rain has also fallen in the San
Joaquin Valley and the river, with Us tributaries,
will rise.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 28, 1896:
Northern California— Pair Tuesday in northern
portion; clearing in southern portion; northerly
winds.
southern California— Unsettled weather, with
showers Tuesday : fresh southeasterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
."tail— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Unsettled weather; cloudy in northern
portion: rain in southwestern portion Tuesday;
colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Clearing; colder;
northwesterly winds.
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial. -
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.-The week opened
with a strong and higher market for stocks. The
rise in prices at the opening was the result of the
execution of buying orders for both home and
foreign account. London paid considerable atten- |
tion to St. Paul, Louisville and Nashville and j
Reading stocks and Junior mortgages. The com
paratively easy condition of the money market,
the improved outlook for an early solution of the j
Venezuelan boundary question indicated by the
speech of Mr. Chamberlain on Saturday, and the
reduction in the posted rates of sterling exchang e, j
all contributed to the strength of the market.
London, according to good judges, bought at j
least 15,000 shares oi various slocks. The rise in j
prices during the early session ranged from "^to '■
I*4 per cent, the Grangers, sugar, Louisville and j
Nashville and Reading leading The rise was
checked shortly after midday by a break in to- !
bacco and sugar. Tobacco fell -J 1 ! to 75V-J and
sugar 1% to 104. The decline in the last named 1
was occasioned by reports that the Reichstag j
had reported the bounty bill favorably. This j
was subsequently denied and a rally to 105 re- j
suited. j
In the afternoon the railways loomed into promi- j
nence and a number of the more important issues I
reached the best figures of the day. The buying at I
this time naturally followed the splendid reports of I
the leading Western and Southern systems for ;
December and the third week of January. Of the
Statements submitted to-day the St. Paul report I
was without question the best. For December the j
road reported an increase of $335,615, and for the i
six mouths ended December 31 an increase of i
i"*2,568.533. The favorable railway returns started '•■
up a fresh demand for the railways, and even
sugar and tobacco rallied in sympathy with the \
buying movement. Tbe market closed tirm in
tore. Net changes show advances of V4@l /8 per j
cent. St. Paul leading. The total sales were 12.,- j
625 shares.
Bonds were active and strong. Sales footed up J
$2,053,000. Chesapeake ana Ohio consol fives ;
rose lVa to 108; Chicago and Northern Pacific :
lives. 2 10 39*^c; Denver and Rio Grande fours, 1 \
toS9V_< Kansas and Texas twos, 1 to 60 V_: Louis- i
ville and -Nashville unified fours, 1% 10 ~~ l i. '
Northern "Pacific consol fives, li _ to 35V_: Peoria
and Eastern incomes, 3 to '-.': Reading first pre
ferred, IT'9 to 38»i; do. seconds, 11 _ to 18%: do.
thirds. Ito 15i do. general fours certificates. !
"•''4 to 79: do. unstamped, li? 10 90' 2 : Pittsburg '
and Western fours, l-"*4 to 76*4; Texas Pacific j
twos, 1 1 4t021 14. Wabash twos, Ito 76%. . z".. ■-'
In Government bonds $10,000 registered fours of 1
1925 brought 114 V'»; $71,000 do coupons 1158/ 8 |
115%: $5000 registered fives, 112, and $500. do j
coupons, 1135_4
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet: firm. "Winter wheat, low !
graaes, $2 3><Cd.-2 80; do fair to fancy, $2 80^3 45 : i
do patents, $3 45@3 80: Minnesota clear. $2 60® ;
"'ls; do straights, $:-t@3 40; do patents, $3 20® '.
-i 20: City Mills, S4-3/4 10; do patents, *4 20@4 45. !
Bye mixture, $2 _OOS 20; superfine. $2 10(__ 65.
southern flour— Dull, firm: common to fair'extra,
$2 30®2 90; good to choice do, $3®3 20. Rye
flour— Quiet, steady, $2 40@2 85. Buckwheat
flour, $1 25.
BUCKWHEAT— 4OB/ 8 c elevator; 41»/ 8 c bid de
livered. •
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady; yellow Western,
**.' 25® 2 30: Brandy wine. $2 65. .
RYE— Nominal. No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
■ graded Western, 37c.
BARLEY— Nominal.'
BARLEY* Nominal.
WHEAT— DuII, firm. No. 2 red, store and ele
vator, @77c; afloat, 77% c; f. o. b., 77Vi@
77"*>,': ungraded red, 70@80c: No. 1 northern.
71*vid7] .'-'-
Options opened firm and advanced %@lc on
firmer cables, decreased stock, foreign buying and
local covering; fell iy ®lV4c on the Increase on
passage, late weakn ss est and free realizing and
closed weak at yg® l below Saturday. _ May and
July most active. No. 2 red, - January. 723/sc;
February. 725-' March and April, 733/ 8 c; May,
713'gc; June and July, 71c. ......
■stocks of grain store and afloat January 25:
Wheat, 6,774,317 bushels; corn, 790,204; oats,
1.194,124; rye, 23,644; barley, 421,994; malt,
14.824; peas, 7152. - . "
CORN— Spot dull, firm: No.-2, 36SgC elevator;
S7»4c afloat.
Options advanced Vi@y 2 c on firmer cables, bet
ter West and following wheat, fell s/ 8 c on realizing,
rallied Vie and closed firm on a fair trade. May
and July most active; January. 36"*/8 : February
and May, 36% c; June, 3634 c;" July. 37% c.
OATS— quiet, firmer. Options dull, firmer.
January and February, 25c; May, 26',_c. Spot
prices: No. 2. -'51,4 c; No. 2 white, asi/_c; No.
2 Chica.o. 26®26i/_c; No. 3, 24@24i4c: No. 3
white, 25V_c: mixed Western, 25_,*it"c; white do
ami white -state, 26@28c
FEED BRAN— 6or<_62y 2 c,
MIDDLINGS— 6S®7Oc. ■>> "
; RYE FEED-65(_,iOc. *
y:p.A Provisions.
BEEF-Quiet, firm: family, $10 50@11.. Beef
hams, dull; til 50. .Tierced beef, slow, steady;
city extra India mers, $15 50@17:, cut meats,,
tirm; pickled bellies, 12 lbs, 2 c; do shoulders,
4*»i@sc: do hams, BVi®9c. -. »
- LARD— lnactive, steady; Western steam, $6 10:
City. $5 65: January, $6 15; refined, quiet; Con
tinent. $6 40: South America, $6 65; compound,
$4 75-3,5.
PORK— Quiet, sales 200 barrels; mess, $10 75®
BUTTER— Fancy, steady, fairly active; State
dairy, 10@19c; do creamery, 14@19c: Western,
> creamery. 15fe21c; do June. 14@19c: do factory,
9@lsc: El gins, 21c; imitation creamery, 13®17c;
rolls, -0,14 c.
C.l Kl>_- Firm, fair demand. State. large, 7'A
@10c; do fancy, 10@14c; do small, 7Si@loc; parr
skims, 3Vi@7c
'EGGS— Quiet; State and Pennsylvania, l?y @
18c: Southern, le&le^c; icehouse, 14@15c;
do case, *_ 60(f1i3 50; fresh, 16V_@17V_c; limed,
24c.
TALLOW— Quiet, steady; City. 31 3-16@31%c;
country, 4@4y«c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, barely steady; Crude.
ji6iAc: yellpw, prime, 28Vs@29c; dooff grades. 27
(^27 1/2 c.
REslN— Quiet, steady; common to eood, $160
ds.l 65.
TURPENTINE— DuII, easy; 30V.@31c.
, POTATOES— Quiet, about steady ; Sweets, $3t54.
RlCE— Firm, fairly active; domestic, fair to ex
tra, :*_;s%c: Japan, 3%@4c.
MOLASSES— Fair demand, firm; New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady. 20@26 points down: Janu
ary, $1305; February, $12 70@12 80: March,
12 50: May. $12@12 16: June, $1190; July,
$1185; September, $11 15@11 30: December,
ffll(gtll 10. Spot. Rio, dull, lower: No. 7. 13y,c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet, steady; fair refining, 33/.c;
centrifugals, 96 test, 3*" B e. Refined, quiet, steady
No. 6. 4 15-16 c: No. 7.4 7-16 c; No. 8, 4*/ 4 c; No. 9
4 3-16: No. 10, 4i/ 8 c; No. 11, 4c: No. 12, 3 3-16cj
No. 13, 3%c; off ;a, 4V.'*46 mold A, 5 3-16 c;
standard A, 4 16-16 C; confectioners' A, 4 13-16 c:
cut loaf, 5 9-16 c; crushed, 6 9-16 C: powdered*
6 3-16 c: granulated, 4 15-16 c; cubes, 6 3-16 c. '
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots, bags, fls*a
12c. •.****
PEACHES— PeeIed, 1896, 16c: do unpeeled.
1895, sS4@B*V_c; do, 1894, / _@7c. , -
PRUNES— our sizes, 51/4 C
RAISINS — Loose Muscatel 3-crown, Sl/i@3V_c;
do do 4-crown, 4%@5c; London layers, 85c®
$1 25.
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, ll@12c; do soft-shell,
»®9V_c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6y @7c; do soft-shell,
BV«{@loc •-*- 1
HOPS— easy. State common to choice, 3 j
@9c: Pacific Coast, 3^_@9c. London market un
changed.
WOOL— Firm, fair demand. Domestic fleece,
16@22c; pulled, 15@34c; Texas, 9@l3c.
' Merchandise- *■
PIG IRON-Quiet; American, $11 75@13 60.
COPPER— firmer; Lake. $9 85@10.
LEAD— Quiet domestic. $3 02y 2 ®3 05.
TlN— Steady; Straits, $1316; plates, moderately
active.
SPELTER— NominaI; domestic, $4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, ___."", Jan. 27.— Contrary to expecta
tions wheat did not keep on advancing this morn
ing. The crowd was fixed for a boom, the bull
fever having an intimidating effect on the usually
sanguine --short" seller and a rush of country buy
ing orders being looked for. 1 The unexpected hap
pened, and instead of an imperative demand there '
was a plethora of offerings. Armour was openly j
and conspicuously a seller of May wheat, prices j
yielding to the pressure and declining from
the start, which was from Vie to i_c higher than
Saturday. Liverpool cables were a d higher. Re
ceipts in the Northwest were 724 cars, against 572
last Monday and 248 a year ago, Chicago received
80 cars and Inspected out 65.376 bushels. Export I
clearances amounted to 408,069 bushels. The
visible supply statement disappointed the hulls, as
It shOA-ed a decrease of only 465,000 bushels,
whereas the belief was that a fallinc Off of 1,500,
--000 bushels would take place. The English visible
supply decreased 900.000 bushels, and the amount
on ocean passage increased 240,000 bushels. Clos
ing Continental cables were generally higher. May
wheat opened at 65%@fi6VijC, declined to 64 Vi®
643 B e, closing at 648 B e, iy 4 c under Saturday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 80 cars.
corn— instability of corn values was dem
onstrated at the opening this morning when prices,
notwithstanding . temporary strength in wheat,
were Vgc to Vie under Saturday.' Liverpool cables
quoted V.d advance, which was in response to the j
strength of Saturday on this side. Receipts at j
Chicago were 330 cars. * There were no with
drawals from store. The tone was easy throuch- !
out, and the loss at the start was succeeded by 1
further declines. Expert clearances were 45.947 |
bushels. The visible supply showed an increase of I
2,718,000 bushels, and the amount on ocean pas- |
sage 240.000 bushels. May corn opened from 31- i
to 30 S 4C, declined to 30c, closing at 30y B e. %c
und-r Saturday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 375 cars.
OATS— The tone of oats accorded with that of
corn, prices declining at the immediate opening
and continuing weak subsequently. Receipts were
247 cars. There were no wphdrawals from store.
The visible supply decreased 363.000 bushels.
May oats closed "..sC under Saturday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 335 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 93<<j93i_c: Ma/,
96% c. Receipts 46 cars.
PROVISIONS— hog market was booming
this morning, product reflecting its strength. The
buying was scattered but substantial, and prices |
showed material advances. The decline in wheat .
dampened the enthusiasm, however, and after the !
first orders were executed prices dropped a part of
the early gain. At the close May pork was un
changed from Saturday, May lard 2i/ic higher,
and May ribs a shade higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 61". c: May, 645/ g July,
643/ 8 c
CORN— January, 2734 c; May, 30V 8 July,
31V'sC.
OaTS— January, 19c; June, 21V_c; July,
21 Vie.
FORK— January, $10 62y 2 ; May, $10 92%; i
July. $11 10. ■
LARD— January, $5 80; May, $6 06: July, I
$6 20.
RlßS— January, $5 22y a : May, $5 47y a ; July,
$5 62%.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6@7 |
per cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
85c premium.
Livestock. .
UNION STOCKYARDS, lia.. Jan. 27.— The
offerings of cattle to-day were light and the buy
ing orders numerous. Prices for tnat reason were
advanced 10®16c. The receipts of hogs were light 1
and the buying brisk. Prices advanced 10@15c. |
Light receipts and a good demand for sheep re- i
sulted in an advance of 10c in this market.
CATTLE — Receipts, 12,000. Fancy beeves, i
$4hor_4 90; choice to prime 1303 to 1700 pound j
steers, $4 35®4 76: fair to choice steers, 1200 to !
1500 noun's, $3 86@4 30; common to medium
steers, $3 30*0.3 80; feeders, s3 40®:* 86: stockers,
$_ 70@3 40: bulls, choice to extra, $3@3 60; bulls,
poor 10 good, $2(^2 75: cows and heifers, extra, j
53 50@4; cows, fair to choice, $2 60®3 40; cows,
poor to good canners, $150-0.2 40; veal calves, j
good to choice, $5@6 25; calves, common to good. i
$3@4 75: Texas fed steers, $3 809-10; Texas
bulls and cows. $2 50(3.3 25; milkers and spring
ers, $20 10. TjJ-Myri 'zr-pp-zpzyy
HOGS— Receipts. 22.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $4 20@4 46; common to choice !
mixed, $4 20@4 45; . choice assorted, $4 35®
4 40; light. $4 10@4 40: Digs. $3 40@4 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 25@3 70; lambs, $3 50_j4 75. * :A
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, . Exchange, Money and Railroad \
Shares.
] Money on call easy at 3@4%%; last loan at 3% .
I and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile '
j paper, 6@7"i'. . Bar sliver, 67y 8 Mexican dol- j
' lars, 6'iic. Sterling exchange Is easier, with j
I actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87* 3 873^ I
for sixty days and $4 B*"i"4'a,4 89 for demand. '
j Posted rates, $4 88@4 f;9%. Commercial bills, ;
1 54 S-6i_fc4 871/4. Government bonds Irregular; ;
, state bonds higher; railroad bonds Inactive. Silver i
at the board was quiet.
Cl-OblNO STOCKS.
; Am Tel & Cable.... 93 (Norfolk * Wes* ... 134
Atchison 163/ 8 Preferred. 7s, 4
Preferred 23 1 North American... 01 8
i Adams Express... l 47 Northern Pacific. -V 8 !
i Alton.Terrellaute. 57 | Preferred 12
American Express.lll Nonnwestern...... 99% l
I American Tobacco. 76Vi Preferred l i*%
Preferred 100 N. Y. Central 97: a
I Bay State 20 N. Y. Chicago&aL 141/4 |
! Baltimore « Ohio.. 43% Ist preferred 79
Brunswick Lands.. *j_ ! 2d preferred.. .... 29% 1
Buffalo. Roch &P. 12 N. Y. &N. H.. ..,.181
! Canada Pacific.... 64y 2 N. Y. <_ New En_. 46
; Canada Southern.. 4«s /4 _;. Y.SusqA W... loy 8
j Canton Land 607/ 8 Preferred '-'81/4-
Central Pacific.... 151* Ontario ......... 10
Ches. <fc Ohio l r >5 /8 Ontario A Western. 14%
Chicago Alton I">3 Oregon Improvmt 2*t/ 8 ;
Preferred 170 ! Preferred —
i Chicago, a. & Q 765/ ' Oregon Navigation. 12
• Chicago ». E. 111... 43 ; Oregon Short Line. 6 -
Preferred..:...... 96 ' 'Pacilic Man ....... 26%
Chicago 65% Peoria. D.«fc Evans. 3
: Cleve«fc Pittsburg. 158 Pittsburg & W pfd. 20
, Consolidation Coal. 29 Pullman Pa1ace.. .153
Consolidated Gas. .lsl* Quicksilver 1%
; C. C. C. <feSU Louis. 355 /8 ' Preferred... 15y 2
Preferred '....' 86 Reading..:.....-.... 123/ 8 |
; Colo. Fuel <t Iron.. 28 RioOrande<_ 14
Preferred......... 100 ' ; . Preferred...-. 39
Cotton Oil Cert 19 Rock Island 68
Commercial Cable. 155 * ißomeWat <_.Ogdenll6
Del. Hudson.. .„..l27yß'St. L. & S. W 5
Del.Lack<_Westernl6l I • Preferred..; 50.""4
Denver <SSß.U...... 12V 2 !6t. Pau1...... ...... 716/ 8
. Preferred......:.. 4*)*/g Preferred 1263.4 ,
1 Di5ti11er5 . .". :.......- 16% St. Paul & Duluth. 22
> General Electric..." 273/ Preferred »6
Erie __VBj6t. Paul <_. Omaha. 36% |
Preferred *_.') i Preferred 121
I Fort Wayne....... 158 , IBL. P. M.&M... 109
: jGreatNorthernpra.llo 'Sliver Certincat.... 67",4 j
IGreenßay ........ % Southern Pacific. 20% I
] Har1em.... ;...... 280 ..soutnern R. R..... 9% ;
] Hocking Coal. 'i \ Preferrea .' 28
■ Hocking Valley... 18% Sugar Refinery....! o4 8
i Homestake ........ 28 I Preferred.. 1 . ...... 97%
IH. & Texas Cent-. 1% Term. Coat <fc Iron. 28%
Illinois Central 96%! Preferred 100
lowa Central Texas Pacific...... 8%
Preferred 29v_i.01.A.A._: N.Micn. - —
Kansas Texas.... ' l^i'lol. & Ohio Cen.... 39
Preferred......... 263 /8 Preferred. .5
Kingston <_ Pern... 3 .j'lol.St.LoulsJ-K.a, 6
Lake Erie <_ Westn 2I&U Preferred 14
Preferred......... 2 Vnion Pacific 4
La_e Shore 143y 2 L. P.. Den. & Quit, .3% I
National Lead 2*114 I .ti. Cordage....... . 53/
Preferred 85% Preferred..;...*... 10% i
Longlslana......:.''B2 | Guaranteed 20
Louisville & Nash. 463/ 8 D. S. Express 38
Louisville Nadt Ch. 91/4, U. S. Leather 103/, :
Preferred 20 . I Preferred. 64%
Manhattan Consol. l<"'*y B ,l*. S. Rubber 27*/* ■
1 Memphis & Charts. IB j Preferred 86 I
Mexican Central... guJUllca*- B. River. .l6o .
I Michigan Central.. 94 ""iVVab. 8. L. <_ Pac.. 7% ''<
Mlnn&S. l I Preferred..'....... 16%!
Preferred — Wells-Forgo 95
I Minn. _: St. L com. 1914 Western Union.... 84i/ 8
Ist preferred -.73 1 Wis Centra,... 3
2d preferred 4:* Wheeling &L. 8.. 11%
i Missouri Paclfla... 3i% Preferred 35%
Mobile Ohio 23 lAmI Am Cotton OU pfd. 64
| Nashville Cbatt.... 66 IW V Beef.... 7«/ 8
; National Linseed.. 18 L I Traction. .20
: N.J. Central 101% Ann Arb0r......... 9y 3
Oe«IN« UnNIB.
V P 4s, reg 107y 2 M KT2ds .". 60y 9
Do, 4s coupon... 108% Do, 4s. 83
C 8 4s new reg 114»/ 8 Mutual. Union 69... 116
Do, 4s coupon... 114 ' N J Cent Gen 55... 111.
Do. 25.... 96 Northern Pac lsts. 114 V.
• Do, 65... 11l 1 Do, 2ds ....102
Do. 6s c0up0n.... 112% Do, 3f15... ....:.. 65
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 iNorinwest Consols, l4oy«
D 0.1897 100 I Do, deb 55.; 108*(_
1898 .....100 OR&N 15t5.. ....107
D 0.3899 K-0 SiL&lronMtGen 79-
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... St L & 8 F Gen 6s. 1013/,
D. C. 3-S fta 110 St Paul Consols . .123
Ala Class A 4..... ..110 St. P. C. <fc Pa lsts. ll3
Do. Class B 4, 6s. 1 08 Do, Pac Cal .sts.. 109
La C0n501 45.. ...... 973 | f»outhern R. R. 6s. 903/
Missouri funding Texas Pacific firsts 85%
N Carolina con 65.. 120 ; Texas Pac seconds. 205/n
Do, 4s: 102 |l nionPac 15t0f96. 102
Po Carolina 4y 2 5... 10 7 : ; West Shore 4a..... 105
I Term new as ... St* Mobile it Ohio 4s. «6
!Va funding debt... 60 It GrandeWest lsts 75 *
80, reg — • Ches<fcoss 108
Do, deferred 65... : 6% Atchison 45........ 74%
Do, trust rcpts st Hi Do, 2dsA.._ 23
Canada South 1043^'g H AS A 65...... 105
Cen Pac lsts of '9s 100 I ' Do. 2d 7s. .:. .. 100
Den* Gist 112 ' H<tTex.Centss..los
. Do. «5....... 89y 2 l Do.con 65...:....104, :
Erle2ds 721/4 Beading 45.:....... 7sy-
Kansas Pa Consols 71 l Missouri Bs 100
Kg Pa Den div 108 . |; * . •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVKRPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Eso., Jan. 27.— spot market '
ls higher at 5s 9d@ss 9 %d. Cargoes are firm at
28s arrived and 28s 3d December.
'/. FOTUBKS.
- The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 63 7i^d: February, fis 7%d; March, 5s 8y 4 d;
April, 6s By_d; May, 6s B%d. - . .
BKCOKITIKs'.
LONDON, Kko., Jan. 27—Consols, 107%; sll
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
ver, 30 11-1 6 d: French Rentes, 1021 22 V_c. Bul
lion out of Bank of England, £45,000.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ....... — $4 87
sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
sterling Cables ... ....;.....— 89V_
New York Exchange, 5ight......... — . Par "
New York Exchange, telegraphic. • — Par
Fine Silver, fy 0unce...... — 67i/g
Mexican Dollars.. 53Vi &*
- . — : — '—^
PEODUOE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— An advance at Liverpool was counter
balanced by a decline at, Chicago, and as this mar
ket follows the latter in preference to the former,
easier prices resulted. It was a surface decline,'
however, as the undercurrent was strong. Milling
has a.am advanced, being very scarce. Buyers are
scouring the country for It and sellers are gener
ally asking $1 30. No. 1, $1 12%; choice, 91 l'A*A',
lower grades, $I@l 10; extra choice for milling,
$1 22y_@l 27 V_- .'.*:*;:
CALL board .sales.
Informal Session— lo o'clock — May— l3oo
tons. $1 16%; 500, $1 16*/ ; 300. $1 15y a . Decem
ber-200, SI 16%; 900, $1 16; 300, $1 16%; 400.
$1 16y 2 ;400,5l IBS/,.
Regular Morning Session*— May— 2oo tons,
$1 153/o; 700. *1 11*%; HOO.SI 15V 3 : 100, $1 165/ 8 ;
400. SI 16*4.; 100, $1 156/„. December 100,
$1 I«i,*j; 200, $1 16V 4 ; 800,81 16%.
Aktkrnoon Skssii»— Mav— 300 tons, SI 15""'
2900. SI 16; 600. **=; I 15*4. December— 500,
$1 16%; 300, $1 165,8- 300, $116%: 100, SI 163/.;
1100. $1 16%.
BARLEY— is quiet at unchanged prices. Feed,
67y_@70c fy ctl; choice, 71V_c; Brewing, 75@
82y 2 c fy ctl.
' call board BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— tons,
7iy_c.
-moon session — May— 2oo tons, 7is/ a c;
200, 71Vic; 300, 71c.
OATS— Trade was quiet yesterday. Milling, 77%
fißsc fy ctl; fancy Feed, 85@90c: good to choice,
7',_@Bsc; common to fair, 65@76c: Gray, 80@
85c; Red, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for seed. $1 10
(oil 30: do for feed, 75(gi85c; Surprise, 95c@$l 05.
CORN— DuII and unchanged. Large Yellow, 90c
fy ctl; small Round do, 90c; White, 82y 2 ®Bsc.
RYE— Is firm and in better demand at 77 %@
82% cfy ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85c@$l fy ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The millers quote unchanged "prices.
Net cash prices are: Family extras, S3 66@3 75;
Bakers' extras, $3 66@i3 65; superfine, $2 50@2 60
fy bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20: Cracked
corn, $20 50 fy ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10- sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2 :, 4 c; Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 23 / 4@3c; extra cream do, 3y 3 Oatmeal,
3S/ic: Oat Groats. 2 c: Hominy, 4(ji,4vic; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3"/ 2 c: Farina,
4%c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4*/ 3 c:
Pearl Barley, 4*/i»c; Split Peas, -%C; Green do,
6V_c fy lb. _______
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Receipts were over 9000 sacks. The
market continues easy at $12@13 fy ton, jobbing
rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6©I9 for lower grades up to
$20 60 9 ton for the best. "■.-'■ .*."'
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, $16@17 $> ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 fy ton; Jobbing,
$22 50; Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.
HAY— The heavy rains have at last affected
prices, and the upper grades are 50c lower. Wheat,
$8(312: Oat. 8@10; Wheat and Oat, $7 50®.
Ill", ton; Barley, $7(_19 60 fy ton; Alfalfa, ?6@9:
lover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60@11; Stock, $6®
7 60**?. ton. • .. :zy . ■ ■■ '
STRAW-35_*60c fy bale. . . -
BEANS AND SEEDS,
BEANS— Continue dull and unchanged. Bayos
quotable at $I@l 15: Small Whites, $1 25@1 60 fy :
ctl; Pea, $1 50ffll 65; Large Whites, $1 15@l 25; I
Pink, 90c@$l 1-_V 2 : Reds, $1 3501 40: Blackeye, !
$1 75@1 86; Red Kidney, SI 76@1 90; Llmas, j
$2 50(052 75; Butters, $1 60@1 70 fy ctl. "
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 95 1
@2 06 fy ctl: Trieste, $2@2 20 fy ctl; Yellow Mus- !
tard. $1 40@1 60; Flax, ml 70®1 75; Canary, 3% I
@3y 2 c fy lb; Alfalfa 6"/ 2 W7c fy tb; Rape, l**/4
_,2c fy It.; Hemp, 4c fy tb.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 50 fy ctl for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— arrivals were large and
Included 4606 sks from Oregon.- Salinas Burbanks,
60@9<>c I* ctl: River Burbanks, 25@40c fy sack;
Oregon Burbanks, 60@76c; Oregon Garnet Chiles,
65@70c; River Reds, 46@5bc "**. ctl.
ONlONS— Arrivals were over 900 sacks and the
market was weaker at 85c@$l fy ctl; Cut Onions,
50<&75c; Oregon, $1(41 15 asked.
VEGETABLES Msshrooms are quotable at 4@ 1
12i_c fy lb, outside figure for choice Buttons; i
Dried Peppers, 6@>loc fy lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes i
85c@Sl 25 fy box; Green Peas. 4@sc fy tt.; String
Beans. ; Dried Okra, 12 a c; Cabbage, 40@50c
fy ctl; Garlic, 4<_>6c fy lb; Marrowfat squash, $16
(0,20 fy ton. _________
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The situation snows no change what
ever. ' ■ -•"•:"':>.".
Creamery— Fancy, 27_,28c; seconds, 26@26c
¥ lb.
Dairy— Fancy. 24@25c; good to choice, 22®
23c; lower grades, 18<*_21c.
CHEESE— Fancy nnl-1 new Is quotable at 11%@ i
12c: common to good, 8y 2 @loc: cream Cheddar, 1
ll®12c; Young America, ll'sil2c; Western, 11®
12c; Eastern, 12(0)13c fy tb.
EGGS— There ia no real reason fo- a decline, as
receipts are small, but prices are going down all
the same, store Egg*, 14@15c; ranch Eggs, 16(<$
17*j_c fy. dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY*— Nothing new. There is mill some
unsold Eastern stock on band, with another car due
In two or three days.
Live Turkeys, 13®14c fy tt> for Gobblers and 14c
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c fy lb; Geese, fy
pair, $1 25(9,1 75; Ducks, $5 60(46 50; Hens, $4®
6: Roosters, young, $4 50®5 60; do, old, $4®4 60;
Fryers, $4 50(45; Broilers, $4 50 for large anil
$3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 60®2 fy dozen for
young and $1(41 25 for old.
GAME— With one or two exceptions prices were
lower. Hare, 75c@$l . fy dozen; Rabbits, $1 25®
1 60 fy doz for Cottontails and $1 for small Gray
Geese, $2 60@3; White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant.
$1 -_.">@l 60: Honkers, $3@3 50; English Snipe,
$2 60; Jack Snipe, $1 25®1 50 fy dozen. ; i-y ■
DECIDUOUS ; AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— We quote 85c@$l fy box for good to
choice, 50®76c for common 10 fair and *1 26@1 60
for fancy. , -:i/,.
CITRUS FRUITS— The great majority of Or
anges on the market are either frozen or frostbit
ten, and are slow of sale in consequence and much
.lower. The freeze in the southern part of the State
a month or so ago turns out much more serious
than was supposed at the time. I Oranges, $i@l 60
fy box for Seedlings and $1 26@2 26 fy box for
Navels: badly frosted stock goes still lower; Lem
ons, $I@l 60 for common and $2_)2 50 for good to
choice: California Limes, 76c®$l fy box; Mexican
Limes, $5(46; Bananas, $I®2 fy bunch; Pineap
ples, $2 50®6 fy dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
tbe Fruit Exchange: •'■'".■'.'. ..•.- ; ';■;/■•:.
Carload Lors— Apples, 2%@3cfl _> for quar
tered, 3@3%c fy tt> for sliced and 414 c *•"* lb for
evaporated ; Peaches, • 3%@4c fy lb : and 6y @6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7%@
BV'»c for prime to choice, 9Vic for fancy and 10®
lie fy tt) for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2@2y 2 c
for unstressed; White Figs, 3V2®4c in sacks; Pears,
7c fy lb for evaporated .halves, 4(*i6y 2 c fy _, for
quarters; Prunes. 3 3 Ac: Plums, 4c "pi lb for pit
ted and iy a @2%c for. unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c I
: fy tb for prime to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
I Jobbing Prices— Apples, 4@4%c: Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, ln boxes, 10@12y c;
I Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c fy lb for 40@50's
1 and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots. -@9y 2 c for prime to
! choice and- lo@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
! black, 13 / 4@2y c: White Figs, 3@6c; Pears, 6y,c
j for evaporated halves and 3®&y 2 c for quarters;
I Plums, 3V_c for pitted and 'J.@lV 2 c for unpitted;
; Nectarines, 4®sc fy lb for prime to choice. * -
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
j as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
I London layers, 85@90c fy box; four-crown, loose,
B*4fcC fy tb; three-crown, loose, 2Vic; two-crown.
> 2c: seedless Sultanas, 3»4®4c; seedless Muscatels,
2y 2 @2S/ic: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
-1 ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10®2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2%c
; fy tb. ■..'■■:■■
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown : loose, 3c; ■ 3
: crown, 2%@2%c: 2-crown, I"<4®2c; seedless Sul
' tanns, 3^4®4c; seedless Muscatels, '-Vie; 3-crown
i London layers. 85c®$l; clusters, $1 40@1 50;
: Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried ('rapes, 2y 2 c.
I NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc fy lb; Walnuts. 7(48c
:fy lb for No. 1 hard and 9(491/2 for sof tsb ell, lob-
I bing lots; Almonds,' 6@7y ? c for Languedoc and
; 8y 2 @loc lor paper-shell, lobbing; Peanuts, 6®6c
: for eastern and 3"/_@4yjc for California; Hickory
! Nuts, 6® 6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for pol-
I ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc fy lb;
j Cocoanuts, $4 50®6 fy 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c fy tt> for
I bright and B®9c fy, tt> for lower grades; w-at»r
--white extracted, 6@6y c fy tb; light amber ex
tracted, 4i.4®43/4c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
BEESWAX-24@27c fy lb. -
■7" provisions!
CURED ATS— Bacon ls quotable at 6c fy tt>
for heavy, 7c. If* lb for light medium, 9c fy lb for
light, 10c for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured;
I Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; | California Hams,
, »y 2 @loc; Mess Beef, $7i*bbl; extra mess do, $8:
family do. $9®9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 fy bbl;
extra near. $14 fy bbl; mess, $13 fy bbl: Smoked
Beef, 2 ®loc fy tb.
I • LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6c fy
I _> for compouuu and 71/20 for pure; palls, 8c; Cali- !
j fornla tierces, sy»c for compound and 6c for pure
half-bbis, 6V_c; 10-rb tins, 7c; do 6tt>, 7<47y4C fy lb.
i COTTOLENE— 7I/4C In tierces and 8c fy lb in 10-
I lb tins. . . ■■ ■ •- - piA v: -rpyy- : pi
i HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c
fy lb: culls and brands. 6c fy. tb;. medium, 6c; culls
j and brands, 6c ; light, 6c ; culls and brands, ie; Cow- j
j .....
hides, 6@5%c; culls and brands, 4@4%c; salted
Kin. 5c fy ft; salted Calf, 8c fy lb; salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, lOffillc; culls and brands, 7@7%c:
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6%@7c; dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, 6c:
Deerskins, good summer, 25'<n30c; medium.- 16(<a
25c: winter, 10(§15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 11X8}
20c each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40
@60c each: long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about %cless.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3Si@4c; No. 2, 3@
314 c; refined, 684 c; Grease, 2y 2 c 1* lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon. 10@llc*iti lb; san Joaquin and Southern, 3®
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4(_i6c fy lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 4@sc fy tb. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 12%@4 25;. Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 fy ' ton;
New Wellington, $8 fy ton; Southfield Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle, !55'ai5 60: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
95: Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymho,
$7 60: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.sß; Hock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 "***. ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners' • A, sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C, 48/ic; Golden C, 4 %c; half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYKUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
fy gal. . ■ yy py ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton and Lamb have advanced. Beef and
Pork are firm. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows: ;
' BEEF— First quality, 5' 2 (<fi6c; second quality,
4%@5c; third do. 3%@4c fy lb. ."•.*. -P ■;], o
VEAL— Large, s@bc; small. 6_}7c fy lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%(_(7c; Ewes, 6@6y c
fy lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12y a ; yearlings, 7@Bc
fy lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3">4c for large and 38/ic for
small: dressed do, 4y 2 @5%c fy lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS. . •
Flour.ar. sks. 47.612 Bran, 51i5.... ....... 6,614'
Oregon 11,590 Oregon 3,800
Wheat, ctls 128.259 Hides, no 137
Oregon 455 i'elis. ......... v l2O
Barley, ctls 1,4f<5 Wine, ga15......... 21,700
Oregon 4,910 Butter, ctls .- 32
Oats, Or, ctls.. 2,740 cheese, cils... 17
Corn, ctls 296 Eggs, doz 1,5:*0
Rye, ctls.. 1,040* Leather. rolls 79
Beans, ska 1.672 Quicksilver, flasks ' 245
Potatoes, sks. 3,094 Lumber. M feet... 10
Oregon 4,606 Lime, bbls 140
Onions, sks 40 Raisins, bxs. 20
Oregon ...... 90" Borax, ctls 830
Hay. t0n5.......... 481 Mustard Seed, sks 83
Straw, tons It flaxseed, Or, sks.. 425
Middlings, 5k5..... 709
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Occidental was the strong stock yesterday, sell
ing up to $1 20, a gain of 24c over Saturday's best
price, though sales were not very heavy.* The
leading Comstocks showed no material change.
Yellow Jacket started up after the afternoon board
and rose to 52c.
NOTES.
The Con. Cat. * Virginia carries over into Jan
uary a cash balance of $15,755, with all expenses
paid. ■-••.'• ] 7// 'Tp> AA
The Alaska-Mexican Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 10c per share, payable on the
28th. ; The mill capacity is now being doubled by.
the addition of sixty new stamps and after July it
Is expected that the dividends will be increased.
The Alaska-Treadwell dividend of 35y 2 c per
share will be paid on the 28th.- The amount is
$75,000.
. Additional weekly reports from the Comstocks
are as follows:-
OFH-B— looo level— south drift from the
; station has been' advanced 20 feet; total length,
I 225 feet; in a porphyry formation, carrying clay
j separations In heavy ground.
Have continued jointly with the Mexican Com
! puny the work of making repairs in the main shaft
j upward from this level.
Central Tunnel— 26o level— The east crosscut
! started from the old north drift at a point 132 feet
in from Its mouth has been advanced 15 feet in
quartz, assaying $2 and if 3 per ton; total length.
46 feet. ■■-<•.
Opposite this east crosscut a west crosscut has
been started and advanced 19 feet in a quartz for
mat ion, assaying from $5 to $15 per ton.
By careful assorting we have saved five. tons of
ore, assaying $60 per ton.
Tunnel level— lhe crosscut running west from
the drift run .northwesterly from the Mexican
shaft— s6 feet above the.sill floor of this level— has
been extended 16 feet: total length, 27o feet; pass
lug through quartz and clay, assaying $2 and $6
per ton.
Hale & Norcboss— 97s level— Upraise 1 —
Have been working north on the sixth, seventh
and eighth floors. The ore streak continues at ail
| points, and Is fully as wide and of as good grade as
it was when making last report. Upraise 2— Have
been working south on the seventh floor, also
north and south ou the eighth and ninth floor*.
The ore continues about the same in width and the
ore is of the same excellent quality as at date of
last report. Upraise 3— Have been working on the
fourth floor. The ore streak continues and the
grade of ore is very good.
The usual amount of retimbering and repairing
where most needed throughout the mine has been
done during the week.
Extracted during the week from our openings 32
cars of ore, assaying per mine car sample: Gold,
$29 38: silver. 41 9-10 ounces per ton.
Shipped to the Brunswick mill during the latter
part of this week 304 tons of ore. The remainder
of the ore we have on band will be shipped during
the next three days.
Alta— B2s level— The south lateral drift, 825
I level, was extended 14 feet: total length, 243 feet.
| Work In the north lateral drift, same level, was
suspended owing to the bad condition of the air.
We are now running south in the old vein with a
fair prospect of getting ore.
Occidental— level— The west crosscut
started at a point 260 feet south of the main winze
has been extended 12 feet through porphyry; total
length, 89 feet. ,
660 level— The main northwest crosscut started
at a point 210 feet north of the winze station is in
335 feet, having been extended 15 feet during the
week. The face is in hard porphyry with some
seams of quartz. The north drift from said cross
cut Is in 105 feet and we have started an east cross
cit from the end of the drift.
■ The upraise from said north drift has been car
ried up and connected with the north drift on the
650 level. The northwest drift started from the
foot of the upraise bas been extended. 10 feet;
total, 26 feet; face In clay .and porphyry with
seams of quartz.
The southwest drift started from the northwest
crosscut has been advanced 14 feet; total length,
22 feet; face In ore of fair quality.
• 760 level— West crosscut has been extended 15
feet: total length, 122 feet, and continues ln bard
porphyry. '
In the Chollar mine they are extracting ore
from the third, fourth and. seventh floors of the
slopes above the 450 levels. On the eighth floor
they have encountered old workings and are now
going north, skirting the old stopes, and the rock
contains some good ore. They are also working
south on the second floor and getting some fine
grade ore. Extracted and sent •to • the Nevada
mill during the past week 68 tons and 1700
pounds of ore. the average battery assay of which
was $27 73 per ton. In the Potosl mine they
were working on the twelfth and thirteenth floors
of the stopes above the 660 level, and are getting
some fair grade '• ore. ■ Extracted > and shipped to
the Nevada mill during the week 158 tons and
200 pounds of ore, the average battery assay of
which was $27 46 per ton. Shipped two bars of
bullion, the par value of which was *7333 74,
Brunswick Exploration Company— Shaft 1
on Hale <_ Norcross ground near the Chollar
Company's north boundary— East crosscut 1,
started at a point 10 feet from the bottom of the
. shaft, has been advanced 28 feet, passing through
soft porphyry, clay and quartz showing value;
total length, 40 feet. ' From the end of this cross
cut we have started a south drift and advanced the
same 14 feet; face ln porphyry and clay.
Shaft 2 on the boundary of the Con. Cal ,_ Vir
ginia and Best & Belcher companies' grounds has
been sunk seven feet on the . incline, passing
through hard porphyry; total depth, 216 feet. At
j the bottom of the shaft we are now cutting out for
a station preparatory to starting an east crosscut. ,
At a point in the Gould & Curry's tunnel, 600
feet from the mouth, we have started an east cross
cut. No. 2, and extended it 17 feet, passing through
porphyry, clay and quartz.
The annual meeting of the Belcher Mining Com
pany will be held to-day.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared a
monthly dividend of 30 cents per share, payable
February 6. ..* . . ' . ".
BOARD SALES.
■. Following were the sales la the San Francisco
Stocic Board yesterday:
rrqui.armor.vis-) Bsisstox cow ir.N_l"*» 30. :
300 Belcher... 200 Mexican.. 66 Too S Nev. ....52
1000 Bullion.. 18400 0ccidt1... .96 150 Union. ...41
400 Chollar ....63 100 97 200 Utah ...... 07
300 CC&V...2.60 300 0phir.. .1.501200 V Jackt..47
• 50 C0nf1... .1.00 501- 0vrmn.. ..18 48
200 HdtN ....1.35 ,-;.' I ,-
AKTFRNOON BESSIOV— 2:3O.
200 Bodie 40 300 Mexican. .6sl2oo Seg 8e1..„ 1 0:
300 dialing.. .39 200 Mono 05 200 8 Nev..... 50
' KOCC-V... 2.60700 OccidtL.l.lOllOO ....".......51
100 C0nn. ...1. 10200 o-ermn...19i300 V J_cki...49
lOOGJtC. 63 1100 Savage.. 3sl
" Following were the sales in the Paclfla Stock
Board yesterday : .
- Bantu,** BFSsroK— IO:T». . .'_:--•. ",;■'; 1 y t *■
300 A1pha,.... 21 400 04 C 53950 Ophle...
300 Alta 08 600 H_!N... 1.35 300 ..1.52%
200 Ande5......22 300 1.32 V. 400 Potosi :.V..6_
. 600 8e1cher....28 500 Julia ..:... 02 300 ..V.^ ......55
300 BAB 91 400 Justice.. ..03 400 Savage.. ..34
400 ...........93,300 Kentuck..o7 9oo 35
400 Caleda..... 09 500 L Wa5h....01 600 Scorpion..o2
300 Cha11ge. ...38 400 Mexican.,6s7oo S B<fe M.:.09
1200Chotiar..63 60 0cc1d......96 600 5Nev....'.52
'-'00 ....:. 621/2 100 ......... ...97 300 ...::.-.r...5i
400CC-V...2.50 400 ..98 500 S Hi11... ..-.OS
180 C0nf1... .1.05 360 1.00 600 Union C...42
2000 Con 1m..02 400 .......1.02% 700 Utah 08
700 C N V..:..06 800 ..... .'...1.06 300 V Jacket.. 49
400 C P0int. ...22 400 0vrmn. ...19)900 ............60
AFTKRSOOX SESSION— 2:3O. i'
400 Alpha..... 22 160 .2.501400 Ophir.... 1.60
300 Alta.. 08 60 Confl 1.07% 400 0vrmn. ...19
200 Andes 22100 .:..... .-1.10,900 ....'-:... 20
200 8e1cner... 28200 C P0int... .231200 Potosl... 56
400 30 300H&N I.3'_y 2 300 Savage. ...34
300 B& B 91 300 Mexican.. 600 BB_ M...09
301) Bodie 39400 M0n0. .....06 200 Union .....41
600 .':....... 40 100 Occidtl..l.os 800 ". v. .. .:..:..40
400 Bullion. ...18 400 ..:;.:. 1.07% 200 Utah 08
200 Challng37Vi7oo 1.10 300 YJac_et..49
600 ............40 100 ........ '..!%' 600 ........... 60
'iV,O ••.....:. ...41 300 Op_irl.47y_'BQo V. .......... 61
300 C_oll_.-..«3 |
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
' MONDAY. Jan. 27-4 P. if.*,
Sid.Askrrt.i Bid. Ashed.
Alpha C0n..... 22 23 Jackson. 40 —
fit* 08 lOJulia 01 02
Andes — 22 23 1 Justice 02 04
Belcher .30^ 31 IK emu en, ...... 05 07
Best A Belchee,- 90 92 Lady Wash.... — 01
BentonCon.... _ 40 Mexican. 63 65
80die.. ......... 39 40 Sit. Diab10..... 15 20
8u11i0n.. ....... 17 18 Mono 05 06
Bulwer „ 13 15 Nevada Vlueen. — 05
Caledonia...... 08 10 Occidental..... 1.15 1.20
Challenge Con. 40 41 l Ophir. ....1.45 1.60
Ch011ar..,;..;.. 64. 65 Overman ..... 19 20
Con. Cab J_Va. 2. 4 5 2.50 Potosi '. 65 67
Con. Imperial. 02 * 03,bavaee .... 34 35
Confidence.. .„ 1.10 1.15 beg. Belcher... 09 10
Con.NewYort — 06 Sierra Nevada. 49 61
Crown Point... — 23 Scorpion 03 —
EaslSierraiNev — 04 Silver Hill 01 03
Exchequer..... 06 08 ''liver King.... 20 —
Eureka c0n.... 25 —Syndicate 02 —
Gould <_ Curry. 52 54 Union C0n..... 41 .42
Hal. A.Norcrs.l.3o 1.35, Utah 08 09
lowa ..;... 02 —(Yellow Jacket. 51 52
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Jan. 27-4 P. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked.) . _}". Asked.
U 8 c0up. .107% — \V K4s reg... 107% —
PPP'Z. MISCELLANEOUS BOND 1.
Cal-stCbless. — 110 I Do. 2d lss 6s. — - '7
CalElecL6s.lo6 — PAORySs. — 108
CntraCW6s. — 100 PACh Rv65.102%105y,
Dpnt-stex-cu 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116%
EdsnLAP 681106 — Reno. WLAL — 105
FACHRR6S.IOS- 107 RiverW Co6s — 100 I
Gearv-stßss.lo3 105 1,-acioP A 1...100 lO'-'A
LosAngL6s. — 101 (SFANPRRSs 99*4100
Do.Gntod.6s. 100 — *sPRRArIz6s — 95
Mkt-stCble6sl22 — SPRRCal6s..llo —'■"
DoßyConss..loß 108%;*?PRRCal5s.. — 97%
NevCNgßßs. — 100 SPBrRCal6s. 96 97V.
NPCRR6s.IO3y 3 —. SVWater6s.. 12034 _
NRy Cal 6s. 100 - SVWater4s... 993 /8 99%
NRy Cal 6s.' — 103 StktnGAE6slolV_lo3% -
Oak Gas 6s. 102 105 SunstTAT6s.loo —
Do. 2d lss ss. 102 105y autter-stßss. — 110%
Omnibus 6s. — 120 VlsallaWC6s — 92
PacßollM6s„ - - I ,
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41 % 46y 3 San J05e..... — »5
Marin C 0..... 49 — |Spring Valley 86% 96y
OAS STOCKS.
Capital — 39 | Pacific Light. 46 — .
Central 95 — Han I'rancscu 713,_ 72%
OakGLAH. 51 61% Stockton .... — 21%
Pac Gas Imp. — 79%
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FlremansFd.ls6 s 4l7o |Sun 66y 9 —
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — ILondonPAA.l2B ;«'—-'*
Anglo-Cal... 68% — (LondonASF. — 30
Bank of 229 %232 iMerch Ex.... 12 —
CaISDATCo.. 68 62% ! Nevada .. — -—'P'
FirslNatloul.l7B 180 , Sather li Co. — —
Grangers — — 1
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
GerSALCo. 1410 — A Loan.. — 102y 2
HumbSAL.IOOO — (Security 240 270
Mutual 36 41% Union Trust. — 820
SFSavUnion4Bo 490 j
STREKT BAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 1055/ 8 — jOak.SLAHay — 100
Geary-st '60 70 (Presidio. 45/ 8 9
Market-5t.... 44 44% Sutter-st. — —
POWI.KU S TOOK*.
Atlantic D... 15 15i/4fJudson — —
California.... 98 iVlgont. — 1
Giant. / — 19 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. .A. ; .-''." A;'
Alaska Pkrs. .97 100 OceanlcSSCo 17% 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — PacIANCo. — 30
Edison Light. 96 963,4 Pac Roll Mill 22 —
GasConAssn. — — |ParfPalntCo. 6 7%
Ger l„_d «o. 85 68% PacTransCo. — 26
HawCASCo- 8y 2 B"*4 FacT A '*'Co 61 70
HutchJSPCo.. 131/4 135/8 SunsetTAT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC — — lUnltedCCo.. — 26
Ex Assu 100 10 |
MOKNINO SESSION.
Board— s76 Atlantic Dynamite, 16: 10 Edison
Light A Power Co, 961/4 25 Hawaiian Commer
cial. 83/ ; 100 Hutchinson X P Co, 1 33/ 8 -. 60 Mar
ket-st Railway, 44y 8 ; 60 do, 44; 70 S V Water,
963/4.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— 2s Hawaiian Commercial, 834; $2000 S
V 1% Bonds. 993- 8 ; $2000 S F & N P Railway
Bonds. 100; $"OJO do. 99y 8 .
!-*treet-^9O Market-st Railway, 44: 25 S F Gas
light, 71%. - - ■
HOTEL AREIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
Mrs X Semper A a, ldaho W M Plympton, Or
E W Currin, Los Aug A Livingston &w, Nev .
S Martin, Sacramento A M Wallace, Mich
A M Crawford. Cal J Cook, Orovlllc . :s 3*;
WJ 11 urned, Portland Mrs _* Devenport, Kans
W White Aw. Oakland W Vogens fin, Sacto
Miss X L Williams, Cal Fanny Mallon, Pt Reyes
S H Winston, Boston W W Kent it w, Cal
W B Andrews, Tacoma F H Heath, Tacoma
C B Scott, Portland A A Whitney, Ariz
B C Woodruff, Gilroy A M Carpenter, Los Ang
Mr Scott .V w, NY AS Orcott. Chinese Crap
Mrs. Brown. Colusa R Caldwell, Los Angeles
H G Hall, Shenandoah J Price, Mare Island
A X C'rowel), Napa ' G Sutton A w, Concord
E F Bennett, Chicago S V Smith, Healdsburg
It M Vanderhoff, Byron H Parrlon, Sacramento '
G B Washington, S Jose Joseph Tongue, Gualalla
A Sampson, Mop Hill ,'• H.T bottom, Stok
0 H Hoag, Santa Rosa S Hurst. Tacoma
J H Vantln, Tacoma Mrs J II Marshall, Mercd
. Mrs Coats, Merced Mrs H D Euhelberger. Mo
J A Morgan, Truckee , Dan Johnson, Truckee
NY A ('uer.ng, Truckee A Volquardseu, Sonoma
P J Williams, W Springs O E Dixon, Sacramento
James 0 Malony, Oaklnd Mrs S J Dason, Petaluma
1 Steinhart, Sacramento W H Mint/.es, L Beach
H E Hopporsett, Rosebg* J o Davis, Michigan
James McNeil * wf, Ind P C Morris, Portland'
J Rehll, Elk Grove F Heston, Elk Grove
John L Talbot, Stockton George G Plummer.Wash
F T Peel & wf, Seattle C C McGowan, Astoria
Milo Page, Humboldt
GRAND HOTEL.
C Curner, Oakland F A Boole, Red Bluff
W Turton. Sacramento J C Tice, Sacramento
G L McCandless, Cal J Hogan, Antloch
C M Weber, Stockton R M Jacobsen, Stockton
J A Lewis, Los Angeles J Rummelsburg, Winters
C M Hows, Lakevllle R J Ohmer, Los Angeles
Miss Smith, Portland Miss E Smith, Portland
W H Herman, Portland - J T Setos, The Dalles
G W Robison, Salt Lake S G Spagnolia, Jackson
A Johnson, Oceanslde D W Edwards, Los Ang
Rev S Heist, Vallejo Geo F Roby, Laconia
W C Wilson. Cleveland C M Dagi^'t, Chicago
.1 J Watsonville ' W A Burton, Canada
W M Burkhalter, Cal S B Hermann &w. Or
Mrs H Mason, Boston E M Thatcher, N M
C F Irwin, • lacerville O A Bowen, Olympia
J M Wetherwax, Wash Mrs Watkins, Los Angel
Miss Watklns, Los Ang J M Smedley, Los Angel
(' Gwinle, Oakland MM Walte, san Jose
F H Webster, Minium II W Tyler Aw, Spokane
F Bartlett. Livermore N A Roth, Santa Monica
R H Willey, Monterey H Richards, Cal
H I Russell, Butte . C Haydock Aw, San Jose
R E Nell, San Rafael . J Reynolds, Cal
. LICK HOUSE.
J M Hadley.NevadaCity G w Rice, San Miguel
Mrs L M Sisson, Slssons S H Chester, San Rafael
Ike Brown, Stockton FABunlt.Cal
D T Shaeples, Elgin. 11l B Darlington, Los Ang
J Berkman, Seattle A C Grlflin, Seattle
F Conner, Seattle W W Erb, Tacoma
H Ihrlg, Wallace, Idaho I Smith, N V
Mrs I Smith. NY J J Devlin, San Diego
P H McMlnn A w, Napa PE Fuller A w, San Jose
E C Williams, sta Cruz A M Hatch, Santa Cruz
A C Gardner, Marysville R C Irwin. Nana
Dr C B Kells, Marysville J C Mackay, Yuba City
W A Lawton, Sacto ■ G B James, Sacto
G D Greely, Sacto . J Allman, Marrs ville
R J Warfleld. Woodland P P Blowers, Woodland
CM Whltton, Stockton 1) 1) Fox, Stockton
M C Wooster, NY T W Moore. N V"
D C Fry Aw, Brooklyn A W Sanford Jr, Los Ang
D Ashland, Vacavllle HP Carpenter. Chicago
G E Wilson, Boston H Eickhoff, Boston
G A Jordan, Portland Mrs E M Griswold. Cal
W E Longshore, Chicago A V Smith _w, Pasadena
Miss C Smith, Pasadena Miss I) Smith, Pasadena
Vf 1' Smith, Menlo Park J T Leade, Seattle
Mrs J Peterson. Seattle Miss Peterson, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Lecor. St Paul P L Sherman, Chicago
C G Haskln, Chicago LB Miller, Cleveland
B G Krans, N.Y Mrs M A Clarke, Or
Miss M Clarke, Or W.T Davis, Kansas City
H Trevelyan. Fresno H L Diemel, Sta Barbara
H A Davis Aw, Phila C C Cottell Aw, Phila
C A Whitney, NY Mrs H L Fogg, Orovllle
Miss Fogg, oroville A Jones, Cal .
M Moses, Tacoma Miss Hoffstadt, Madison
Capt Hamilton, Roanoke W McCrelbv. Burlincame
G W McElroy, I'SN 0 F Ditzler, Biggs
I C Prltcnard, Jones ville A W Remington, NY
R E Small, Chicago G L Tome, Boston
EH McClevey, NY PC Gay, Sacto .
M Oppenheimcr A w,NY A R Whitney Jr, N V
L D Abraham, Japan R A Hume, Spokane
J Poulson, Portland .-...■ C F Aaron, NY
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J C Drumraond, Portlnd D Cadd, Portland
J M Gilbert, Portland H Marks, Stockton
F E Prelst, San Jose D W Clark, St Paul
F Eagles, Liverpool E J Isham, Philadelphia
Dr R S McLain, Los Ang C S Denny, Seattle
C de Weuf, Seattle H D Anthony, Portland
Mrs. C Castle, Victoria W G Witter Aw, S Carlos
G W Westcott, Cal M Meyers, Chicago
Drßich, New York *- ** English, Puget Bnd
H Smith, wA d, Conn Mrs L Lippincott. Cal
E J McNealy, Cal L o Burns A w, Cal
E Baxendale, NY J Hamilton, Visalia ' '
It G Dunn, Los Gatos A J Lewis, Salt Lake
W P Brown, Suisun *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Handcock, Summervle W P Walch, Portland •
J A Nlckem, Spokane W H Cuslck. Spokane
C E Warner, Portland - W Stevens Aw, Baker C
R Fink Portland H L Whitehead,; Phoenix
A B Purfurst, Texas ■ CH Wheeler, Wash
J E Nolan, Salem
REAL' ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William H. and Anna D. Miner to William H.
Crocker, lot on S line of California street, 164 :8 V*
E of Laguna, B 61:6% by 8 137:6: $10.
■ H A. C. Freese (administrator of the estate of. John
B. Miller; to P. A. McDonald,' lot on SE corner of
Chestnut and Webster streets, S 137:6 by E 137:6;
$4650.,*. . : ,•- ;•---., ■ ■..-: ...
-Robert E. Mullln to Nathan Davis, all Interest in
the following: Lot on W line of Bright street, 160
Sof Randolph, S 25 by W 100, block city land also
lot on S line of Oak street, 100 X of Broderick, E
25 by S 137:6; also lot on NW. corner, of "Fulton
and Webster streets, W 27 :6 by N 80 ; also lot on SE
line of Stevenson street, 150 NE of Sixth, NE 26
by SE 70: also lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue,
137:6 W of Hyde, S 137:6 by W34:4"V_, to secure
two promissory. notes; $10. ■■". a/mm S&ttsa&i
z Samuel G. Buckbee to Emma D. Buckbee, lot on
S line of Clay street, 220 W of Laurel, W 27:6 by 8
127:814: *10. :-■-,--■ ;■■■- <• .
-• Paul, and ; Louise Branke'to St- Paul's German
Evangelical Congregation, lot on SE line of How
ard : street, 176 : NE of i Eleventh, NE 30 by SE.
100, subject to mortgage; $10. """.'• - - *•'
r *:__. P. E. Troy to George and Jennie D. T» Ander
! son. lot on E line of Shotwell street, 48:6 S of
seventeenth, S 24:6 by E 122 :6, subject to mort
gage; $10. ■
Joseph F. Perina to Peter N. Lanze, lot on S
line of Twenty-ninth street, 130 E of Sanchez,—
38 by S 114: $10.
E. A. and Mary B. Cutting to Joseph Tyson, lot
on N line of Tehama street, 105 NE of Third, NE
25 by NW 70; $10.
George, Theresa, B. F. and Cassie Partree to J.
J. Raver, lot on NE corner of Mansell and Col
lege streets, E 120 by 100: $10.
. • AI.AMKPA COUNTY.
Byron F. and Vesta B. Bovnton to C. B. Willis,
lot on SW line of East Nineteenth street, 115 NW
of Thirteenth avenue, NW 35 by SW 112:6, block
111. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Mary L. Hays to George W. Fletcher, lot on SW
line of East Twenty-third street, 120 N"W of Thir
teenth avenue, NW 40 by SW 100, block 139,
Clinton, East Oakland,, warranty; gift.
Builder's Contract.
Patrick W.Klordan with John S. Mackay, altera
tions to Gibraltar warehouse on Sansome street,
near Filbert; $-.040. . ■ - ■
THE - CAT,!, CALENDAR.
January, 1896.
Moon's Pbueg.
2 8
4
9 10
16 17 j
23 24
30 31
11 i
__
18
! Last Quarter.
j January 7. J
(^ Now Moon.
vA/January j-j.
3 First Quarter
W/ January 22.
i
26 I
—
\fii< Full Moon.
|V«/ January 30.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure irom San Francisco.
BTKAUER.
DESTrXATIOM ] ' SAIL*.
| PIER.
Eureka..... Newport [Jan 28. Dim ! Pier 11
ABlancharo ■ Portland iJan2B. 9am Her IS
Coptic China & Japan Jan '28. 3pm I'M ss
Han Bias .... Panama. ...... I .lan 28,12 m P M S 8
Columbia... ' Portland.. j Jan •_'». lOasi Pier 24
Homer ; Coos Hay....:. Jan 29.10 am Oceanic.
banta Kosa.. j San JMeeo ' Jan 30.11 am Pier 11
Umadlla.... Vie & k'iet Hod I Jan 30. 9am . Pier 9
P0m0na....; Humboldcßay Jan 30. '2ru PierSJ
at Paul Newport. ! Feb 1, Ham Pierll
Arajco Coos tiav Feb 10a m ■ Pier 13
State or Cai Portland Feb 3.10 am Pier 24
Point ix>ma. Grays Harbor. Feb 3 I
Corona Man Diego Feb 3.11 am Pipr 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steaueb I
North Fort: |
Peter Jebsen.... ,
Costa Rica i
Santa Kosa.
lliode Janeiro..
Kan Benito |
Pomona. I
Wellington !
Feral ion
BtPaui...
State of Cat .
City of i'uebla.. j
Arcata.. I
Araeo. .; I
Citv of Everett
Point lioms :
Corona. :
San Juan...
Del None.......
Eureka.
Crescent City... j
Columbia.
i Hum bold t Bay I
. Nanaimo '
Departure Bay j
i «an Diego |
China and Japan
. r&coma. I
Humboldt Bay i
Comox !
Yaou Ina Bay i
Newport. I
Portland 1
Victoria & Pusec Hound !
Coos Bay i
Coos Bay....
Departure Bay
Urays Harbor
San Diezo
Panama :
Grays Harbor
Newport
Crescent City
1 Portland
I.. Jan 28
..Jan '28
..Jan 28
i ...Ian '1H
'< . ..Ian 'J9
|..Jan -J9
..Jan 29
...Ian 29
i ..Jan SJ9
i ..Jan 30
i . J an SI
| ..Jan 31
j . .Jan 31
..Jan 31
..1-eb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 2
. . Feb a
..Feb 3
..Feb 4
..Feb 5
SUN ANO TIDE TABLE.
s
p
.
I Sets
'•1
9.'20 a
10.14a1
4.45pj 3.1
5.25P, 4.1
7.17 8.
717 5.
5 51.*
Rises
HYDKOGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydboobaphic Office., U. S. N. *)
Mebchaxts' Eichasbk, V
San Francisco, January 27. 1896. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120t_
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. jr., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtelkb,
Lieutenant I". S. N.. in charge.
SlllFPlNGr INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. January 27.
. Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 90 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound; j pass and mdse, to Goodall, Per
kins it Co.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscun, 13 days 13">_ hours
from Panama; mdse, to Panama Steamship Co.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 41 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber, to Samuel Blair.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, 83% hours from Portland,
via Astoria 72 hours; pass and mdse, to O R & N
Co.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwlck, 40 hours from New
port; ballast, to Gray A Mitchell. ,
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst, 44 hours from Albion r
railroad ties, to Albion Lumber Co.
Schr Mary C. •Campbell, 7 hours frm Bodega ; 40
bis butter; to Ross & Hewlett.
-•:;■ Cleared.
MONDAY, January 27.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland: N P S
S Co. p ...-:■
Stmr Coos Bay, Jepson, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. j
Br ship Wayfarer, Dunning, Liverpool ; Eppinger '
&Co.
Ship Bohemia, Hogan, Sydney; J J Moore & Co. ',
Nor bark Nordlyset, Olsen, Queenstown; GW !
McNear <fc Co.
Schr Equator, Randelln, Kodlak; Jos Hume.
Sailed.
MONDAY, January 27.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen.
Scnr Equator," Rundelln, Kodiak.
'iZr-iPPTp:. Telegraphic. J'.-;. .■
POINT LOBOS- Januarv 27—10 . xt— Weather
cloudy: wind NE; velocity 6 miles.
■ 'PPzl-iPPP.. .Charters. -. .
Br ship Larnaca loads lumber on the Sound for
Valparaiso for ordets, Pisagua range, 40s.
The bark Mohican loans mdse lor Honolulu.
.Memorandum.
Per Navarro— Jan 27 thirty miles SE of Pigeon
Point passed stnirs Jewel and Tillamook bound
south.
. : "-; Spoken.
Nov 18— Lat 26 s, long 79 W. Br bark Inch
Keith, from Java, for, Vancouver.
Dec 22— IS S, lone 36 W, Br ship Celtic
Queen, from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
* Jan 10— Lat 5 S. long 32 W, Br ship Glenafton,
from Portland, for Queenstown.
Jan 22— Lat 22 N, long 10 W, Br bark Maelgwyn
from Hamburg, for Portland. _ PPP '
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan Stmr Pomona, hne
Jan 26. . •
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Areata, hne
Jan '*.'.. :
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Del
Norte, hence Jan 23.
Sailed Jan Bktn Catherine Sudden, for San
Francisco. •
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Jan 27— Br stm
Progressist, from Departure Bay.
DRAKES BAY— ln port Jan 27— Stmr West
port, from Fort Bragg, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan Schr Sequoia, fm
Port Hadlock; U S stmr Philadelphia, from Santa
Barbara. , •
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Prosper and brk
Tidal Wave, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Jewel, hence
Jan 25. ,
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Jan 27-Stmr Pasadena,
for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Jan 27-Stmr
Lakme, hence Jan 26.
CALLaO— Sailed Dec 21— Ship Louis Walsh, for
Fort Townsend. . ••:
Eastern Ports.
NEW i Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Advance
from Colon. - „•.■•.■. "
CAPE HENRY — Passed Jan 25— Bark Un
daunted, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
_. Foreign Fort*.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Jan 1— stmr Straits of
Dover, from Port Blakelev. :
* HOLYHEAD— Arrived Jan 24— Br ship Jordan
hlll, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
LONDON — Arrived Jan 25-Br ship Eudora, hne
Sept 24: Br ship Heleuslea, hence Sept 27.
LEIT II— Jan 25— Br ship Royal George
hence Aug 13.
NEWCASTLE, "NSW— Sailed Jan 25— Br ship
Loch Broom, for San Francisco.
SUNDERLAND — Sailed Jan 23— bark
Onente.
SYDNEY— BaIIed Jan 25— Br stmr Mlowera, for
Vancouver. ....
YOKOHAMA— Jan 20— Br stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco. .
HONGKONG— SaiIed Jan 25— Stmr City of Pek
ing, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Moonlight, 1
hence Dec 30. • i
NANAIMO-Salled Jan 26— Bark Rufus E Wood,
for San Francisco. Vv
IQUlQUE— sailed Dec 9— Ship Lake Leman, for
Burrards Inlet. • . ».
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
.'". NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Aachen,
from Hamburg. ■■■Sjtaaitf^^Sff** 1
NAPLES— Arrived out Jan 27— Stmr Werra. :
HAVRE— Arrived out Jan 27— Stmr La Cham
pagne.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Jan 26— Stmr Fulda, for
New York. *
DOVER— Passed Jan 27— Stmr H H Meier, from
Bremen, for New York. '■ -
, . • importations.
FORT BRAGG— Per • N0y0— 268,296 ft lumber,
25 pkgs mdse. ■ - -*.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
1739 sks potatoes, 901 ■ sks onions, 240 gunnies
5285 sks flour, 3400 sks bran. 200 sks flax. 400 sks
bran and shorts, 4643 sks barley, 109 cs liquors, 22
rolls leather, 93 sks 63 pkgs mdse. 10 cs lard. 17
crts hams. 47 pkgs tea, 1215 Pkgs paper, 39,072 ft
lumber, 682 pkgs crackers and candy, 3 bdls horse
collars, 100 bdls plaster,' 12 bxs fish. 1948 bdls
shook*. 102 sks oysters, 23 bdls, herring. 17 bdls
smoked herring. 365 bdls hides. ■ * v
"KILLISNOO— Per Umatilla— 4oo bbls oil, 2 bdls
hides. ■^'■&®oa^£'**to^WJW* i iisl*aaßa&aSt*Bßß
Port Townsend— ls2 bdls hides, 3 pkgs mdse.
Seattle via (l N Ry— hf-sks flour. .
Victoria— 26 bales tobacco, 11 pkgs mdse, Isk
coin. : ;•. . ; .
Seattle— 446 tons coal, 28 cs 5 tierces lard, 62
bdls shooks. 10 sks cleats, 1 bx telephone supplies
37. pkgs mdse. -20 bxs type, 395 bdls hides, 1 cs
cigars. 1 bxd organ, 1 bx cheese, 7 pkgsexpross,
48 life preservers. v
-Vancouver via CP R R— 7 bbls ■ tallow. 498 bdls
bides, 96 bdls "aides, 575 . bxa mowers, 2 cs chest-
nuts SCS susar cane, 5 bxsorances, scs water- •
nuts, Sos games, 5 ca ginger. 300 roars beans. B5
cs tea, 10,179 mats rice. 7 pkas canned fish, 102 cs
oil 4 cs dried cabbage, scs (tame, 3 cs roots. 42 cs
wine, 230 pkgs mdse, 1 cs date?, '2 cs candy, 4 cs
vermice 11, '■!'■! cs dried meat, 1 cs oysters, 15 ca
fish, 14 cs sweetmeats.
Anacortrs— sks oats.
Wbatcom— l pkg coin.
East via X PFt X— l cswhlpstock.
Everett— 9o bdls paper, 800 burs bullion, 18 ska
cleats. 1460 pkgs furniture, 1 1 C 3 mowers, 30 pkgs
Tac'oma— 9 bxs type. 4 bxs butter. 8 pkscs rndse,
5 cs sardines. 9 a telephones. 1610 sks wheat. _
Tacoina west of Fargo— 2o3o hf-sks Hour, 500 qr- 1
sk s flour, 10 sks bran, 335 sKs flax, SI bdls pelts, 1
cs furs, 27 bdls hoops, 8 bdls hides. .
Consignee**.
Per Noyo— Wellman, Peck & Co: F Tenant; U .
Bianchl; Union Lumber Co.
Per Columbia— a \V Iferren: D X Allison A Co;
J V Thomas; A ['allies: McDonoush cfc Hiinyon; V
7. Waldron: A Levy A Co: Otis. McAllister A Co;
Oeo Morrow* Co; Dutlon Bros: W \V Ambeon;
MPDetels; Moore, 1-VrKiisiin A. Co: ('has Jacob
■on: J stencil; Wolf son: John F English: II B
Martin: Balfoar, Guthrle Co: 1' Hillens <tCo: X
(i Lyons: Portland Cracker Co: West Coast Furni
ture." Co; Pacific Fir Lumber Co: Han Francisco
Fur Co; Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: A Paladinl;
J O Blancbard; While Bros: M B Moraeban; MB
A Wagner; Balfoiir, Outhrie & Co. Clatsop Mill Co;
Li D Stone <fc Co: C J Lei.st Co: iiarbee«£ Immel ;
White Bros: Kingham it Co; Fogarty * Parker :
Oetz Bros Allen * Lewis: A S Smith; m
Chemical Works: S II Frank »V Co.
Per Umatilla— Ainer Press Asim: Cal Chemical
I Uetz Bros & Co: Dairymen's Union; M X Parker;
Fredericksburg Brewery; Wleland Brewing Co; i*
i .1 Hammar: sunset T A T Co; GeoWMcXear; <»
] W HowarJ; Wieland Brewing Co: tl Dutard; II it
• HiK!?ins Co; Moore, Ferguson & Co; .1 Stencil; J •
I O Blanchard; C.l Leist it Co; Li Snnguinetti; C A
I Ladd; W B Siiiiincr .V Co: l'aciflc Woodenware
| Co; Keystone Bros: Chinese merchants: A May;
American Biscuit Co: Baker Hamilton; Italian-
Swiss Colony: American Union Fish Co; Frapoii
6 Co; Langley A Michaels: M Ehrman & Co: JO
Lansntte: Milanl & Co; BissiDger<fc Co; Park A
Lacy; W \v Hond: Wells. Fargo A Co: Conrad i <fc
Goldberg; Sawyer Tannin; Co; F Hillens ,t Co: 1*
CSS Co; Oregon Imp Co; Allen A Lewis: T R Tur
ner: CJKallon; Btrtin A Lepori; \V « Richard
son: Dunham, Carrigan & Co: renting- Palmer
Milling Co; s,i by .smelting and Lead Co; Stetson
lienner Drayaee i o. ,
For Late Shipping IntrUiqcnee fife Fifteenth Page.
gjgik OFFICE FURNITURE
j^~rfe_f:-j AND FIXTURES.
AND FIXTURES.
_S?I^PS C. F. WEBER & CO.,
**^i_P^ 800 to 806 Post St.. cor. Stoc!ttr>T
«B£^=^3l^ OFFICE and j_>
J«^l|T iS TYPEWRITER. _■__
l_S_2_lm w " c. lljVllIO » «=»
"***** *_ii_-54 157 New Montgomery TIT
Two In One. Street. S. P. _=j
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS. - '
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAN
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
v ±-rstt Class 48.00
Second Class ...**_tS.OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— flew Montgomery Street,
OOOLALL, PERKINS <_ CO.,
General Agents. ,
O. 3EFL- c*3 3NT-
TO
ASTORIA Al PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 10 Mont.
gouiery street.
Columbia sails January 29
State of California sails February 3
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
. F. F. COX M OR, General -Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAN
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jftsSt, m
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as _■_■_■_.
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau. Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at a a. it, Jan. 18, 30,
Feb. 14. • • i '••
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes an* New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tucoma with N. P. R. R-,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
i boldt Bay) etr. Pomona, 2 r. _.., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
■ 18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
; Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
' Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Kan
I Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 8 a. __, Jan.
4,8. 12, 16, 20, 34, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter. <p_ :■•
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. Xt:, Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and ever*
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, "Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Gnaymas (Mexico), s:r. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. xi., 25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet. ■«.'**; • '
GOODALL, PERKINS <_ CO., Gent Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPASY.
ijiijiilSliii Coolgardie gold fleldt
jOG*rZIQ "*"§&_ (Freemantle), Austra-
/Syy^ nU^^TjiUJ. $110 steerage. Lowest!
itffiy J .^*"^^ t^*j__* r *" : '"* t0 Capetown,
S Australian steamer,
(Freemantle). Austra-
lia; *f*2o tirst class.
1 fjl 10 steerage. Lowest-
rates to Capetown,
South Africa.
Australian steamer,
MA it 1 1*' ■-A, sails Vii
Honolulu and Auck-
land, imi'sday, Feb.
Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, s ; , , -.
day, teuruary 1 5, at l'j
A. M.
Special Pabtiks.— Reduced special rates for
parties Feb. 0 and Id, 189u.
Ticket olHca. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS., General Agents.
COMPAG]f]EGEJERAL_TRAXSATL..\TIQI !
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S FIKU(NKW*. 42 NORTH _«__?*_.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -Hyg*
this line avoid both transit by English railway j,
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116. . Jk
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
January 11
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P0ir0t......
■ Jannary 25
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf ....
'......:... February 1
JOSr For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 8 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. .
WHiTE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVERY "WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _«*•_"•
Ing to steamer and accommodations _£■___■
selected : second cabin, $35 and f>4o: Majestic and
Teutonic. • Steerage Tickets * from England, Ire-
land. Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ tailing dates ami cabin plans may be procure^
| from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Oilice of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL _A_«_
fortnightly for the West Indies and _3££@|
Southampton, calling en route ■- at Csrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with tha
..rifle Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treaa.
'Mao direct ports In England and Germany,
•Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
j Cherbourg, Southampton." First class, $195; thiH
OUas, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS ~~
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington <■*-*■_
At 5 P. 31. Daily. Except Sunday
«_r Accommodations Reserved by Telenhonn!
STEAMED:
T. C. Walker. J. _>.' p etA _.
Mary Garratt, City of Stocktm.
Telephone Main 805. Nay. and Impt Co
VALLEJO AND MARE ISLAND.
STR. MONTI CELLO.' *
Dally, except Sunday— io * __ a- _.
v Su.nday-8 r. __ ~" * * *
- iM-ln*. Million I, ia w •,,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
DEATH OF JOHN FARHNER
He Was Coroner and Public
Administrator of Shasta
County.
PALOMARES WANTS A SCHOOL.
Washington's Birthday Celebration
Committees Now Completing Their
Arrangements.
s
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 27. f
Word has been received here by his
.family of the death of John G. Farhner of
San Jose de Guatemala, where he went to
work for the Government in October last.
The family resides at 1001 Jackson street,
in this city. Besides a widow, he leaves
two daughters, Miss Lora and Miss Myrta.
The sau news has cast a gloom over the
household and a largo circle of acquaint
ances.
Mr. Farhner came to Oakland two
years ago from Redding, Cal., where
he was County Coroner and Public Ad
ministrator for eight years. He also con
• ducted an extensive furniture business
there, but be gave it all up to bring his
wife down to the bay, where he hoped she
would regain her broken health. While
here he conducted a blacksmith-shop on
San Pablo avenue at the junction with
Brush street, in partnership with William ,
S. Kingman.
The lamily received a letter from Mr.
Farhner recently which must . have been
written just before he was attacked by the
disease. He did not mention any epi
demic, no doubt fearing it would make tne
family uneasy about his safety. He sent
with the letter quite a sum "of money,
directing that it should be used in buying
Christmas presents for all members of the
family. One sad feature of the case is that
while his family was enjoying these gifts
the father must have been dying all alone
in the Guatemalan hospital.
The news of Mr. Farhner's death was
brought to the family here by Peter Smith,
who worked with him at Guatemala, and
who is now stopping in San Francisco.
According to Smith's account, before Mr.
Farhner was taken ill several men dropped
dead right around them. Smith himself
claims to have had a very narrow escape
from the same sickness. He was able,
however, to get away, and is slowly gain
ing strength. He does not expect to re
turn to that country.
TO GUARD THE PIPE.
The New "Water Company Want Permis
sion to Dig a Trench.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. Ex-City En
gineer Boardman was before the County
Supervisors this afternoon to secure per
mission to dig a trench alongside the em
bankment of tbe Alvarado road across the
marsh to keep it from pushing the pipes
of the Oakland Water Company out of
line. The board desired to have him agree
to raise the pipes three feet as soon as the
weatner allowed, but he would not accept
the terms.
In conversation with members of the
board he said that the company contem
plated building an additional reservoir in
"Oakland as soon as th« storm abated.
Just where it would be located he did not
know, but said when completed it would
have a capacity of 10,000,000 gallons of
water. This would be a reserve to be
drawn on in any emergency. The supply
of water at Alvarado, he said, was as plen
tiful just before the storm as at the wettest
season.
WANT A NEW SCHOOL.
Palomarei Parent* Petition the County
Supervisors.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— Residents
of Palomares school district petitioned the
Supervisors to-day to form a new district
by taking in a part of that district. It was
claimed that at present a large number of
children are compelled to travel from
three to five miles to school where if a
new district was formed they could be with
in easy reach of the school.
Accompanying the petition was the re
port, of Superintendent of Instruction J.
P. Garlick, in which he held that the
children had no further to go than the
majority of the school children of the
district, with two exceptions, and they
were accommodated by going to school in
the adjoining district. He claimed that
the Paicmares school was now in good
condition, having two teachers, but should
the change be made there would not be
sufficient pupils for two teachers and too
many for one teacher. His recommenda
tion to deny the petition was adopted.
NAMED FOR WORK.
Washington's Birthday Celebration
Committees Are in the Field.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— Wash
ington's birthday celebration committee
held a meeting to-night and appointed the
following stand committee^ :
Ways and means committee— E. D. Lane
Fruitvale; Miss A. Jarvis, Alameda; G. A Nor
ton. rin; J. Hopkirk. Oakland; C. A. Holton.
Last Oakland. *
Music-.-. P. Eoawell. A. Humphries, C. A.
Miller, Golden Gate; E. A. yon Schmidt, Ala
meda; Mrs. Ida Gardner. West Oakland.
Auditing— fi. A. Norton. Lorin; E. E. Poul
-son, Mis* Anita Jarvis, Alameda.
Invitation— A. Humphries, J. A. Pomps, Mrs
E. E. Poulson. r
-radon— J. H"pkirk, A. Humphries, C. A.
Holton, Miss G. L. l.a Rue and C. A. Miller,
Golden Gate. '
Yl\?~k. *£* Mi,ler ' **'• c Culvert, Alameda,
end Mrs. M. Em,;.-. '
It was decided to invite every patriotic
eociety in the county to participate in the
parade and exercises. There will be an
open-air concert in one of the public parks
on the afternoon of February 22, and liter
ary exercises in the evening.
THE YOUNG BURGLARS.
They Are Children of Well-Known
Families Across the Bay.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Jan. 27.-Clarence
Turner and William Fountain, the two
young men who were captured by Officer
Ely single-nanded early Friday morning
with a lot oi burglar tools in their posses
sion, were not in court to-day. The com
plaints will probably be filed in time to
have th» cases . set tomorrow. They will
be charged with carrying burglar tools
and concealed weapons, and in all prob
ability they will spend a year in prison.
Turner's father is a deputy market in
spector in San Francisco, while Fountain's
mother is an artist of note there.' The
voting men have been chums for years.
both families having formerly resided here.
The detectives have been unable so far to
connect the young men with any of the
recent attempts to break into safes. They
are kept apart, and have been plied with
questions to see if a third party were not
implicated, but to no avail.
New A. O. F. Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 27.— At the regu
lar meeting before the last of Court Tri
umph, No. 8350 tne following new officers
were in-tailed for the ensuing year. by
Hich Court Deputies McCracken and
George A. tticketti of Court Advo
cate and It. Smith of Court Sunset: Chief
ranger, 8. Bachrach; sub-chief ranger,
Gus Romer; treasurer. S. Gordon; finan- .
cial secretary. J. E. Ennis; recording sec
retary, M. Barnett; senior woodward, S.I
Taylor; junior woodward, Jens Nelsen;
senior beadle, M. Coleman; junior beadle,
H. Buchman; trustee, C. L. Colvin; audit
ors—A. Davis, S. Irving and and E. Ncu
baume; past chief ranger, M. J.O'Gara;
physician, Dr. Gray Smith. ? ?.' .
Young Horse Thieves Caught.
OAKLAND, Cai... Jan. 27.— Peace offi
cers of the country spent Friday and Sat
urday hunting for a band of .horse thieves.
Constable Glaze was fortunate enough to
overtake them near San Leandro Satur
day as they were retracing their way
home. It appears that Theodore Wright,
Alex McCabl and Claude Petrey, all under
age, decided to see some of the world.
They set out a-foot, but later decided this
was too slow and other means must be
providea.
It was just as this time that two horses
of Colonel Hewston were found grazing on
his ranch, in the rear of Mills College.
They were soon secured, and the boys
made their way to Niles, but owing to the
storm or other causes they decided to give
up their first project and return home.
The boys were locked up in the County
Jail, where the foreman of the ranch iden
tified them to-day. They are all members
of good families, who are greatly dis
turbed over their actions. It is likely they .
will be sent to Whittier.
Troubles of the Harmons.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Attorneys
W. W. Foote and A. A. Moore met in
Judge Frick's court to-day and made
things live'y for half an hour. The former
is counsel for Mrs. Frances E. Harmon and
the latter for Dr. Louis C. Harmon in their
effort!? to be legally ----pirated. Attorney
Footo applied for alimony, counsel fees
and costs on behalf of the plaintiff, Mrs.
Harmon. The discussion which followed
gave a hint as to the lively times to be ex
pected when the suit comes to trial.
Will Not Lose His Legs.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— Engineer
James W. Stanley of the narrow-gauee
road, who was caught beneath his engine
at the Santa Clara wreck Saturday even
ing, is doing nicely at Fabiola Hospital,
where he was taken on being brought to
this city. It is now believed be will re
cover without any operation and be as use
ful as ever. Although well along in years,
Stanley has a magnificent constitution,
which stands him in good stead at this
time.
There Was No Transom.
OAKLAND, Cal,, Jan. 27.— private
detective of this city succeeded in arrest
ing J. E. Shirley yesterday. Shirley is
wanted in San Jose for perjury in the cele
brated Moore breach of promise case. He
testified to seeing certain things through a
transom in a room. It developed after
ward that there was not and never had
been a transom in the room; He was
taken back to Santa Clara to-day by a
Deputy Sheriff who came up for him.
Gamblers on Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— 5. A. Tur
ner, one of the four fellows convicted of
gambling in O'Brien & Cahill's saloon at
Twehth and Webster streets, forfeited $25
bail in the Police Court to-day. The ret
other defendants, George Meader, P. Le
strange and John Cahill, have given no
tice of an appeal from Judge Woods' deci
sion and their cases were continued until
February 10.
Hard on West Berkeley Juries.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— George Tate,
charged with evading the payment of rail
road fare, was eiven fifteen days to-day
by Justice Wood in the Police Court. He
was about to let the man off when he ad
mitted to having been arrested in Berke
ley for chicken stealing, but was acquitted.
The court said he remembered of the case,
but that a West Berkeley jury was never
known to convict any one.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,;
908 Broadway, Jan. 26. {
F. K. Shattuck, a prominent Oakland capi
talist since the early : 50's, has been re-elected
president of Berkeley's two banks.
After long waiting and considerable conten
tion Harmon street is now being opened up
from Adeline to Ellis, the obstructions to this
work heretofore existing being now removed.
Connty Clerk Jordan has revoked the ap
pointment of all outside deputies previously
appointed for registration purposes. When the
new registration is commenced he will make
new appointments. - --.-
At a meeting of Washington Lodge No. 250.
held January 18 at Cameron's Hall, East Oak
land, the lodge raised one candidate to the
Royal Arch Purple degree and received and re
ferred numerous applications for membership.
A bench warrant issued upon the indictment
of Albert Menzenmeyer for an assault to mur
der J. R. Perkins of Lorin has been forwarded
to the oflicials at Victoria, with affidavits in
evidence of the assault and a requisition for
his return.
A. L. Willey, a long-time resident of Berke
ley and a close observer of business opera
tions, states that he never did a better year's
business than last year, and he is entirely con
fident that the present year will prove equally
at; prosperous. -••-..
W. C. Moody, the young man who was seri
ously hurt on his yacht Friday night, is re
ported better to-day. He is able to talk, but
the doctors will not allow him to do so.' He
cannot hear, however. The doctors will not
venture an opinion about his recovery.
Professor H. B. Pasmore will give his illus
trated singing lecture Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 4, at Hamilton Hall, for the benefit of
the Neighborhood Boys' Club. He will be as
sisted by the following pupils: Misses Wyman,
Warden, Olsson, Forester, Waters, and Messrs.
Medley, Rixford and Edgerton Smith.
NUCLEUS OF A MUSEUM.
An Effort Being Made to Establlnh a
Free Exhibition of Curios in
Oakland.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 27. ,
For several months there has been a de
sire shown in certain quarters to found a
free museum in this city. Various parties
have attempted to bring the matter to a
successful issue. Recently the matter has
been taken in hand by F. R. Porter of
Echoes, and he is working enthusiastically,
with every prospect of success.
"There is now an opportunity for , this
city to become the owner for a song of the
celebrated : Walter F. Beck collection of
curiosities," said Mr. Porter to-day. "-"That
collection represents a financial outlay of
$20,000 or more. The whole inventory
may be bought for $5000, on the condition
that the investment shall be the property
of this city. In the Beck collection is a
Bible of the time of Martin Luther. There
is a 'Life of Christ' dated 1603. Among
the old newspapers is a Boston Gazette of
1725. In the armory are weapons of
great antiquity. There are flintlocks and
blunderbusses. One of the swords was
carried by the Emperor Maximilian, and
the nommel has his imperial crest. The
exhibit of Arctic curios is large and varied.
There are snowshoes, totem-poles and
other queer things. The skin of a polar
bear is thought to be the biggest one ex
tant. It is matched by the skin of a huge
grizzly bear.
In the cabinets are ores and fossils which
take hours to examine. Even the Smith
sonian Institution can show no finer speci
mens. The display of corals and crystals
cannot be duplicated. Among other relics
may be mentioned a moose's antlers, pro
claimed to be the hugest to be seen. Then
there are many horned trophies and .heads
of elk and reindeer. The array of coins
would make a numismatist revel. There
are also numerous gems, such as opals,'
garnets and rubies. Not long since a cash
offer of $15,000 was made for the exhibit,
which has taken thirty year? of time, tal
ent and toil to get together.
"We have many men of -wealth, and
there are ladies, too, who can afford to be
benefactors. In addition to this beautiful
collection there are other collections in the
City* that could ■■■ be devoted to a fine
museum,; and .there have . already been
offers of help that make it look as though
the affair will now be a success."
There are 13,000 different kinds of post
age stamps in the world,*.' A-
THE SAN -"RANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
LESSON OF THE LIGHTNING
! California Will Have to Protect
Electric Plants by Using
Arresters,
ENGINEER PUTNAM'S STORY
Had He Been. Near the Exploded Dy.
namo He Would Have Been
Burned to Death.
; Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 27. )
The wrecking of the electric light, com
pany's dynamo by lightning at Haywards
last night was a surprise to every electri
cian in the State. Although such acci
dents are not uncommon in the East, tbis
Engine-Room at the Haywards Electric Light Works. With the Dynamo That Was
Wrecked by Lightning.
[Sketched by a "Call" staff artist.]
is the first case that local electricians have
heard of in California. The result of it
will be that all owners of valuable electric
plants, of whatever character, will be
forced to use lightning arresters, a precau
tion which has hitherto been considered
needless.
The damage to the electric light plant
by the storm was twofold, for after light
ning had destroyed the dynamo the heavy
downpour of rain caused the flooding of
the pit and did further damage.
The story of Electrician Putnam shows
that the lightning that was carried to the
dynamo was powerful enough to destroy
life instantly. A hole was made in a por
tion of the cast-iron work big enough to
insert several fingers.
"I was not more then twenty feet away
from the dynamo when the crash came,
said Mr. Putnam this afternoon, "and it
seemed as if the lightning filled the whole
building. The flame shot out from the
dynamo about eight feet, and the magnets,
wires and mica were thrown all over the
place. I instantly ran to the switch
board and disconnected the wires, and
there was no more light that night. The
accident was a very simple one, and one
that will be guarded against in the future.
The lightning was conducted to the ma
chine by one of the wires, and of course
the dynamo was instantly overcharged
and burst. Of course, it is impossible to
tell how many volts the shock was, but its
force can be estimated by the manner in
which it burned away some of the iron.
There is one hole that was burned away
instantly, and there is not a trace of any
of the missing metal. The wires that sur
round the magnets were so highly charged
that they flew in all directions, and when
the mica was free it fell around in showers.
"In the East all electric plants are pro
tected by lightning arresters, but we never
considered there was any use for them out
here. The lightning is generally of a mild
sort, but yesterday proved that we are
likely to get some wild (lashes at times and
should guard against them. Of course we
are not likely for years to have a storm
center pass over us and burst as it did yes
terday, but miles of electric wires are be
ing used every month, and a flash of light
ning carried along one of these wires is
liable to cause untold damage. I had seen
similar accidents in the East, but they are
not expected here. A force of men came
over from San Francisco this morning, and
we shall have the duplicate dynamo run
ning to-night. It will take several days to
fix the wrecked machine. If I had been
oiling that dynamo when the lightning
struck it 1 should have been charred to a
cinder as rapidly as that piece of iron was
burned."
... Daniel Chisholm, president of the light
company, said to-day that he will not run
any risks. "This plant is too valuable to
be at the mercy of every stray flash of
lightning that comes here," said Mr. Cbis
holm. "and we will resort to arresters
ri;ht away. In one way this accident has
been valuable. It has taught a lesson that
will . be of benefit to the whole State,
Nobody, after this, will leave electric
plants unprotected. I. am mighty glad
Putnam was no nearer to the dynamo
when it burst," as I am afraid he would not
have been superintending the repairs to
day," ■ /':pP4 A"
The effect of the shock to the plant was
felt most in the Hay wards Hotel, which is
lighted with electricity. In; the hotel are
over 200 incandescent lamps. - .. ',4 a
When the lightning struck the dy namos
every wire in the hotel felt the full force of
the shock. . Of course the power was only
in the wires. during the duration of the
flath, but its i effect ; on the incandesce nts
was remarkable. Each lamp was charged
for an instant with many thousand candle-
Cower. The effect of the force shook the
otel heavily and as soon as the dynamo
was destroyed the lamos went out. This
same effect was noticed on every lamp in'
the town,' and it was ; just the same as a
distinct flash of lightning.
The effect of the cloudburst near the
head of Sulphur Creek was correctly noted |
to-day and a force of men were at work
repairing that portion of B street that was
washed away. j.
* The creek starts at the foot of the hills
and runs through the town. ; When it
reaches Haywards it is conveyed into a
big wooden culvert that is covered over.
Right abreast of the schoolhouse the top
of this culvert was burst ; off yesterday
afternoon and about two feet of water
washed across the business part of the
town and on .to the bay. The bridge
across the creek used by the children in
going to school was lifted bodily and
floated across the lot, where it was brought
to a standstill by a couple of stout trees.
About one hundred feet of the culvert is
destroyed and the dair age amounts to
about $4000. All the creeks running across
the county road to the bay were running
freshly to-day and several crews were at
work in the orchards building sandbag
bulkheads to prevent the soil being
washed away from the roots of the trees.
LIGHTNING LORE.
Hailstones Descending: From a
Great Height May Have Caused
the Haywards Disaster.
The flash of lightning Sunday which
paralyzed the electric light plant of Hay
wards and left the town in darkness caused
j the weather experts to exchange thunder-
I storm reminiscences. In the Eastern
States, where the summer clouds on a hot,
sultry day are highly charged with elec
tricity, a single vivid flash of lightning
: and one peal of. thunder similar to that
which startled the inhabitants of Hay
j wards would hardly be taken into account.
In localities subject to electric storms ap
pliances aie used to protect light and
power plants from the lightning. 'Plugs
of soft metal are put in which will melt if
the current is too powerful, and the force
is thus diverted. Lightning rods also are
used as conductors to carry the electricity
to the ground.
Mr. Hammond, the officer in charge of
I the United States Weather Department in
j California, called to mind yesterday that
| the Government in preparing lighthouse
i plans for stations on the Atlantic Coast
i and Gulf of Mexico provided lightning
I rods. Under the same general plans the
lighthouses on the Pacilic Coast were sun
plied with lightning rods. Subsequently
it came to the knowledge of the authori
ties at Washington that the rods were not
needed here, so they were taken down.
Singular as it may seem, the lighthouse at
the Farallones has been struck by light
ning twice since the rods were removed.
The conditions of the earth and air in
i California, especially along the coast, are
i not favorable for the gravitation of elec
| tricity to the explosive point. Mr. Ham
mond is inclined to believe that the light
ning which did some damage at Haywards
Sunday was caused by the friction of hail
stones. The hailstones were melted be
fore they reached the earth, but in passing
through the air high above they caused
the explosion. Yet this is only a theory,
but it is a theory sustained by observation
here and elsewhere. Large drops of water
may produce the same effect as hailstones.
The moisture of a cloud attracts the elec
tricity and the friction of the water drops
or hailstones produces an explosion. The
lightning may run from one cloud to an
other or descend to the earth.
The weather observer does not subscribe
to the belief that thunderstorms so called
are on the increase along the Pacific Coast.
Rails and wires connecting San Francisco
with the East produce a contrary effect, if
any effect at all followed.
To convey to the rising generation of
California some idea of real storms of
thunder and lightning reference may be
made to - the electric cloud July, 1864, in
Georgia, which launched a hundred thun
derbolts into the Fifteenth: Army Corps.
Sixteen men and many horses were killed,
caissons were exploded and stacks of mus
kets knocked down. The storm burst on
the army corps just after the troops had
crossed the Chattahooche River and gone
into camp for the night about ten miles
from Atlanta. For fully one hour the
cloud, heavily charged with electricity,
appeared suspended over the camp. The
vivid streams of fire and the terrific peals
of ; thunder came simultaneously. Even
the drops of water seemed to glow with
the electric light. The flashes followed in
such quick succession that there :■'■ was
scarcely an interval of darkness.
HARNESS 7 THIEVES.
James Lee and Mike Swift Arrested on
the Charge of Burglary. :
James Lee and Mike Swift were booked
at the City Prison last night by Detective-
Cody and Graham on • the charge of bur
glary. ; Recently numerous ■ complaints
have been received at police headquarters
from the Mission of, stables being broken
into and harness and other articles stolen,
Cody and Graham were detailed lon I the
case and they. soon traced the theft 3to Lee
and Swift. '■■-";
The detectives found that Lee and Swift
had been selling their plunder to John I.
Holliday, fruit-dealer, at Haight and Fill
more streets, and at Meyers'. junkshop on
Mission street, between Twelfth * and
Ridley. Lee is a well-known petty larceny
thief, but nothing is known about Swift. -7
TO CANCEL THE REGISTER
A Plan That Is Strongly Opposed ■
by Many Influential
Politicians. ,
WOULD DISFRANCHISE VOTERS.
An Expense That 7lt Never Was
. Intended an Officeholder
Should Bear.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,).
5308 Broadway, Jan. 27. )'
An influential body of politicians headed
by ex-Postmaster A. W. Bishop is strongly
opposed to the cancellation of the great,
register of Alameda County at this time,
and is using its influence to have the Su-
J pervisors of the county rescind their ac
i tion canceling the great register on and
; after February 17. In this effort he i*>
! ably assisted by some of the best politi
| cians in the county, who can see nothing
gained and everything to lose in such a
move.
"The cancellation of the great register
of Alameda County this year," says Mr.
I Bishop, "with no provision for the ex
! pense of re-registration, will result in the
j disfranchisement of at least 25 per cent of
| the voters of the county. Experience has
shown in the past that without effective
and persistent work a large class of voters
will not take the trouble to go to the
County Clerk's or Assessor's office to have
their names placed upon the great regis
ter, and more particularly will this be the
case if a voter is to have a politax bill
thrust under his nose _s a condition prece
dent to registration. The politax is ob
noxious to nine-tenths of the people gen
erally and ought to be abolished. ;
"It is claimed that it is obligatory upon
the Board of Supervisors to order the can
cellation of the old registers. The matter
is left wholly to the discretion of the Board
of Supervisors. The law reads: :;*'
" 'There shall be in each of the counties,
and cities and counties, in the State, where
registration is now required by law to take
place previous to each general election,
and in other counties or cities or counties,
when required by the Board of Super
visors, a new and complete registration of
the voters of such counties, and cities and
counties, who are entitled thereto, and
who apply with the proper proof.'
. "The law, it will be observed, leaves it
discretionary, with the Board of Super
visors of Alameda County to order or not
to order a new registration of voters, and
under the circumstances it would be the
exercise of bad discretion at • this time,
with no provision or authority provided or
conferred by the law for an appropriation
to meet the expense of such new register
or registration.
"The election the present year is a very
important one, and to disfranchise voters
by canceling^ the great register, without
ample provision for re-registration, would
be an outrage upon the ' voters of the
county. It is the duty of the County
Clerk to cancel the names of all voters not
appearing as having voted at the last
general election, also the names of all who
have died or known to have removed from
the county. If this is done the bulk of the
great register will ' be materially reduced
-and voters, saved the trouble of ' re-regis
tration. The former action of the . board
in ordering the cancellation should be
reconsidered in the inter.st of the voters
of this county, as "I- can find no law re
quiring a new registration this year."
Joseph - Henscher of * San Leandro, who
was the Republican. nominee for the posi
| tion of County Treasurer at the election
| two years . ago, says he indorses the posi
tion taken by Mr. Bishop," and believes it i
is the sentiment of voters throughout the
county. Many others in the ~ city and
throughout the county have sent him
word tb^sy thoroughly indorsed the posi
tion which he takes on the question.
V County Clerk Frank Jordan has dis
missed , all; the Deputy County Clerks
throughout the county named for registra
tion purposes, and intends to await fur
ther developments '.;, before he does < much
work. He stands : ready, however, ; to go
ahead and carry out the requirements of
the law, should the Supervisors insist on
a new .registration.. The leaders of every
party unite in -declaring that it is an im-
Eositionona.county official to compel
im to do out '. of . his "private purse the
work that has heretofore * been a charge
against the ; county, and ' prefer to * let the
register go over until the Legislature can
cure the defect which makes ;it "his duty
to bear the cost of the new register.
Charge Against Diaz Ignored*
The charge of counterfeiting against Alfred
Diaz of San. Jose was ignored by the Federal
Grand Jury yesterday. Diaz passed a bad dol
lar at Mrs. Pelraanly's bakery, corner of Santa
Clara and Vine streets in that city, but has
since "squared" himself. He is to be turned over
to the Chief of Police of San Jose to be prose
cuted for burglary. He is accused of breaking
into a place and stealing some clothes. - ■- •' .-, •--..
A' PLUMBER DEAD.
John W. Gray, Whose Place of Business
Was iv San Francisco.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 27. -John T.
Gray, a plumber doing business at 230 Sut
ter street, San Francisco, died suddenly
'■ yesterday morning at . his home, 1414
Lafayette street. He had been ailing for
two weeks and the doctor iaformed him
some days ago that his heart was affected.
At 9 o'clock this morning he began to feel
badly and at 10 o'clock a neighbor called
and remarked his pallor and apparent ill
ness. He said that he felt badly and al
most immediately became insensible and
expired. Mr. Gray was a native of Man
chester, England, aged 63 years. He had
four children here and four by a former
wife in San Francisco. He was a Mason, a
United Workman and a member of the El
Nido Club. .
Municipal Advertising.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 27.— Board
of Municipal Trustees last night opened
proposals to do the city advertising for one
year from February 4. The contract was
awarded to the Daily Argus.
HONOR FOR A FRESHMAN
Charles Fryer Gets a Place on the
Carnot Debating Team Against
Stanford*. ,
Damage Done by the Rains Street-Car
Conductors Carry Ladies Through
the Streets.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 27.— R. S.
Wheeler, one of the three seniors at the
University of California who were chosen
last Wednesday evening at the final pre
liminary debate to represent the U. C. in
the coming Carnot medal contest, with
drew from the team to-day and Charles O.
Fryer, the substitute, was appointed to
succeed him.
Fryer's election to the place is consid
ered quite remarkable in debating circles,
as he is only a freshman and has not yet
passed his twentieth birthday. In the de
bate last Wednesday evening he stood up
against five older men, further advanced
in their university courses, but when the
judges presented their decision as to the
men who made the most creditable show
ing both from point of argument and de
livery the names of three seniors were
announced, with a freshman as substitute.
This was considered an extraordinary
occurrence at the time, as in no previous
intercollegiate debating contest in which
the U. C. and Stanford were principals has
a freshman participated. It was remarked
at the time by one of the professors that
only his youth and status at the univer
sity prevented him from taking a place on
the trio. A--// i7/.:p/yyypy.
Fryer is the son of Dr. John Fryer, the |
newly elected professor of Oriental ; lan- |
guages at the university, who is now in •
Shanghai. China. '■■ He prepared for college |
at. the Oakland High School, and was j
editor of the -Egis during his senior year j
there. He made the address in behalf of
the scholars at the dedication of the new
High School building last year
Preparing for the Lights.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The work
of lighting the university grounds and li
brary by electricity is now fully under
way. It is expected that the work can be
completed so that the lights may be turned
on in about one month. Poles have been
set up and the positions of the lights lo
cated. -The dynamos are already in posi
tion, and consequently all that now re
mains to be done is to put up the wires
and lamps.
In lighting the grounds twenty-five arc
iights will be used. They will be placed
on poles high enough to avoid having the
trees trimmed. At every entrance a lamp
will' be located, and the paths and roads
will be well illuminated. The people of
BerKely will thus possess a magnificent
park for evening promenades.
The library will" be illuminated by means
of 300 incandescent lamps. Around the
circle, below the balcony railings, will be
placed studded lights about two feet
apart, there being in the three tiers about
150 lights in all. Pendent lights will be
hung in each alcove. Besides these, there
CHARLES FRYER, THE FRESHMAN ORATOR AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY.
[From a photograph.]
will be a large chandelier in each of the
reading-rooms.
The power will be generated in the me
chanics' building, where the plant is ready
for immediate - use. There > are complete
duplicate plants, either one of which can
be used for lighting the grounds. The only
thing now lacking is , a duplicate boiler,
but Professor Corey is hopeful that one can
be obtained soon. .
Damages by Water. _•
' BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— heavy
rainfall last night and to-day caused con
siderable damage in various parts of Berke
ley, particularly y. the south end.',: This
morning conductors of the spur line of the
Telegraph-avenue system, -; which runs
down Alcatraz avenue to Lorin, were com
pelled to carry - lady • passengers in their
arms from the cars to the = stations on ac
count of a veritable lake which bad formed
at the end of the line.
- The block at the corner of Shattuck and
Ash by avenues was last nieht almost com
pletely surrounded by : water, which cov
ered the car tracks and ran into the stores',
which are almost two feet above the street
level. Men were compelled to precede
each car which passed through the water
in order to keep the tracks clear from
graveL * - - - - •
The south-line sewer at the crossing of
Shattuck avenue has caved in, leaving a
large and dangerous hole. '
The immense culvert which carries the
waters of Strawberry Creek from the uni
versity grounds was taxed to its utmost
capacity during the entire night, so great
was the torrent which came down from
the hills back of the university reserva
tion.
Presented His Report.
T BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. Manager
North of the Eastern athletic team has
filed his report with the Athletic Associa
tion. The financial statement shows the
team to be nearly $2100 in debt. The re
sponsibility of these debts will be assumed
by the Athletic Association, and an at
tempt will be made to liquidate all claims.
There is a disposition on the part of the
college organizations and individual stu
dents to cancel the claims which they hold
against the association, because of the
financial failure of the trip and on account
of . the honor which the team brought to
the university and State.
The talk of sending another team across
the continent this summer to meet Yale
has caused much interest to be aroused,
but the more conservative clement in the
student body does not favor the idea until
the present debt of the association is liqui
dated.
Captain Merwin stated yesterday in rela
tion to the prospects for sending on an
other team : "The outlook tor a first-class
team this year is much more encouraging
than it was at a corresponding date last
year. As" for going East, I shall by no
means favor the plan unless we have posi
tive assurance from the clubs we are to
meet of at least enough money to pay our
expenses."
Delinquent Assessments.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— Cali
fornia Bridge and Construction Company
to-day commenced proceedings against
those D.operty owners who are delinquent
in their assessments for the south-line
main sewer. Several suits were filed, but
the bulk of them will be entered to
morrow. The remainder of the delin
quents will be given until 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon to pay, and if they fail
to do so by that hour legal action will be
entered against them. There are about
100 delinquents in all. Tbe sums due
range all the way from $1 50 too $100.
DEATH OF W. A. ENGWER
The Pioneer Manufacturer Passes
Away From Heart
Failure.
Came Here in Early Days Round the
Horn and Built Up a Large
Foreign Trade.
W. A. Engwer died at his home, 820
Lombard street, Sunday night after a
lingering illness. He was a well-known
pioneer of San Francisco, and toward the
end of his busy career a prominent manu
facturer, whose name was familiar all over
the Pacific.
His death was expected, and the family
were present at his bedside when he passed
away. About four years ago Mr. Engwer
broke down in health, but recovered in a
measure until six months since when his
vital forces began to fail steadily. At last
coliapse came in the shape of muscular
nervousness and heart troubles, and for
eight days before his death he sat upright
in an easy chair without a moment's sleep
or rest.
Mr. Engwer was born in Poland in
December, 1834, and lived sixty-one years.
At the age of 13 he left his native country
for Hamburg, where he studied for six
years. After finishing his education. in
that city he traveled for a number of years
in Europe, and in 1855 married and came
to California with his wife on a sailing
vessel round Cape Horn. The first occu
nation he found was that of chief baker in
Engelberg's bakery, which position he
held for some years until he associated
himself with the Standard Soap Company.
For eight years he remained with that
concern, and then started the Alta Soap
Company in 1872. Applying himself;in
dustriously to his new enterprise Mr.
Engwer built up an extensive business
which be managed up to the day he re
tired, when he gave over the conduct of
affairs to his eldest sons, William A. and
Edward A. Engwer. -He found a lucrative
field away from home, and bent his
energies toward trade with Mexico, Cen
tral America, Alaska, the South Sea
| islands, Japan and Hawaii. In this way
his business became almost exclusively ex-
I port.
The deceased was a member of Parker
J Lodge No. 124, A. O. O. F., Magnolia
j Lodge No. 41, I. O. U. W., and of the
American Legion of Honor, 'in which so-
I cieties he took a deep interest and had
numerous friends. Beyond his active con
nection with those fraternal organizations
I he was a man of domestic habits, hardly
ever having participated in public move
; ments. ■'■ His charity was liberal but of th*
unostentatious kind. It is related of him
I that the donation to ' some worthy object
which he bad made with a bountiful hand
was often entirely forgotten when brought
to his notice shortly afterward.
': Everywhere he turned there were friends
j of his, but never an enemy, for his kindly
'■ disposition, like tbat of many another
| whole-souled pioneer, only engendered ties
of friendship.
He leaves a widow and several children
in comfortable circumstances. The . fu
neral will be held 'to-morrow at 2 p. v.
from his residence and tbe remains will be
interred in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
1314
DISASTROUS WORK
OF THE STORM
Twenty-Four Hours of Hard,
Steady Rain Brings
Trouble.
CABLE CARS STOPPED.
The Union-Street Line Is Prac
tically Blocked for Many
Hours.
STREETS LOOK LIKE RIVERS.
Golden Gate Valley Is Damaged to the
Extent of Many Thousands of
Dollars.
The storm which broke over the City j
Sunday afternoon about 3:SO o'clock has
not yet spent its fury. Since that hour '
Diagram Showing a Washout at Baker and Webster Streets, as It Appeared Yesterday.
Jurjiter Piuvius has practically reigned
supreme.
The Mission, North Beach, Richmond
and the lower valleys are filled to over
flowing with water— murky water
which floods the streets because of insuf
ficient sewerage outlet, finally leveling it
self on the surface occupied by stores and
dwellings of one and two stories.
The storm will cost the City thousands
of dollars, to say nothing of the incon
venience to patrons of electric and cable
cars. Incidentally, when spring and sum
mer come along, sickness may run riot for
a time as the result of poisonous gases
arising from the overflowed land. This is
particularly true of that section of the
City lying north of Greenwich street, be
tween Baker and Fillmore. There a per-
LOU J. O'BRIEN PILOTING A "CALL" REPORTER.
[Sketched by a "Call", artist.]
fect ocean of water is gathered, witn no pos
sible hope of an outlet, except by absorp
tion. 3«fij
. The streetcars were generally handi
capped by the storm, the Presidio line be
ing probably one of the greatest sufferers.
As early as 7 o'clock there was trouble in
moving the cars, and with little variation
it continued throughout the day. No par
ticular schedule was followed, cars being
run whenever the grip was able to plow its
way through the mud, sand and water
which found its way into the conduit.
At the most unexpected, time the car
would come to a sudden halt, packing the
passengers like sardines in one corner, and
then in the most exasperating way, when
the passengers were congratulating them
selves that no bones were broken, the grip j
would take another hold, and away would |
shoot the car as if nothing had happened.
Of course the passengers managed to un
tangle themselves without harm to any
one, though once or twice a panic was nar
rowly averted.
Early in the morning as a car was going
down the steep grade from Larkin to Polk
street it came to a sudden halt. As soon as
the people could collect themselves a wild
scramble was made for terra firma. But
just as the first, who were last in the mass [
of humanity suddenly thrown pell mell I
toward the dummy, reached the rear exit, j
the gripman let go the cable arid the car
made rapid though: safe landing at the j
Polk-street crossing.
The main trouble on the Union-street
line was at the corner of Baker and Green- j
wich streets. No ■ cars were run further
than this point after 1 o'clock.
The City, with an eye to economy, has
constructed along Baker street an inch
sewer. This is made a receptacle for all
the waters which flow from the Presidio
and Pacific Heights. The storm of yes
terday, however, showed that it was not j
equal to the task. A five-foot sewer would ;
not have been too large.
At the corner of Baker and Greenwich
streets the sewer became choked with sand
and other debris, and suddenly from out |
the manhole where the two streets inter- |
sect shot a stream of water eight or ten i
feet high. It was a beautiful sight, but it \
brought destruction to surrounding prop
erty. By 2 o'clock Baker street from i
Greenwich down looked like a river. The j
four corner stores, occupied by Otto i
Kaiser, W. F. Hewer, James Taylor and |
John Shield, were completely inundated.
Mr. Taylor's property probably suffered
the most. It took the raging waters, ap
parently angry -because of long confine
ment, but a few moments to cut a path
through the sidewalk. First a long wooden
bridge leading «into the rear yard suc
cumbed, and then as the torrent would eat
away the earth fences fell and outhouses
■ -
were either swept away altogether or
wrenched to such an angle as to practi
cally destroy them.
At one time the water was at least two
feet deep at .the crossing, rendering pedes
trianistn decidedly uncomfortable, if not
actually dangerous. At this period Lou J.
1 O'Brien did a lucrative business in the
pilot line. Donning a pair of rubber
boots, he carried belated travelers from
one side of the street to the other for a
"song," as he said.
All the streets in Golden Gate Valley are
more or less wrecked as the result of the
storm. Great gullies are to be seen every
where. The street leading to the Bishop
Scott School on Lombard street is in a
most deplorable condition. Until it is re
paired it will be practically impossible for
children to reach the building. They cer
tainly can't get there at all, with any de-
gree of safety, until the dry season comes
on. **-' ... :-'-:-'-
That section of the City ; immediately
contiguous to Harbor View was a perfect
lake of water. Sewers, culverts and
bridges were washed away. It .will cost
many thousands of dollars to repair the
damage in this district alone.
■ The Mission. road has been transformed
into a lake of mud for part of its extent and
in many places has been deeoly cut. The
east side is not sewered, and, as a conse
quence,. all the water that; fell; on the
hills during Sunday's deluge poured down
on to the Mission road, making it look like
a turbid mountain stream for awhile.
Sewers and cesspools were severely tried,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
and there were many small breaks, es
pecially in the Mission. . As is usual the
Mission sewers were unable to carry off
the flood of waters. As a result they were
worse than useless, for every manhole in
the neighborhood of Fifteenth street was
turned into a spouting geyser, throwing
water several feet into the air.
The last storms have brought to light a
sewer steal of an old-time contractor in
the Noe Valley. A wooden sewer was re
placed there by a brick one some eighteen
years ago, one .Miles doing the work. A
break on Saturday revealed the fact that
Mr. Miles built his brick sewer inside the
old wooden one, and -where the heavy
wooden joists were encountered at inter
vals of four feet he had put only one course
of brick instead of two. The wood has
rotted, and now the sewer has begun to
yield when strained by heavy rains.
TO LIMIT HER LIABILITY.
Petition of the Owners of the Pioneer in
the Federal Court.
A. M. Simpson, G. P. Simpson, Samuel
Perkins. C. B. Hughes and R. J. Lawson,
the owners of the schooner Pioneer, filed a
petition in the United States District
Court yesterday to have Robert Lynes en
joined from proceeding further with the
$50,000 damage suit which he brought
against them last November. Included in
the petition is also a prayer for an order
limiting the vessel's liability to its actual
value and also for an appraisement by
Commissioner Hoffman.
Lynes was badly injured a year ago
while" the vessel was being loaded at
Fourth and Channel streets. A barrel of
lime fell on him and knocked him down
into the ship's hold, a depth of eight feet.
For this he commenced his damage suit.
The attorneys for Lynes have concluded
to take advantage of a recent decision of
Judge Morrow and have the Federal tri
bunal declare it an admiralty case and
within the jurisdiction only of the Fed
-.. . ■-.
oral courts. Under Judge Morrow's de
cision in the case decided a few days ago a
vessel can be made liable to damages of
the kind asked only to the extent of Her
actual value. A, y ,*;:-•
Twelve average tea plants will produce
one pound of tea.
S AN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca__—
10 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
comer Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SYV. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
nntll 9 o'clock. A A pr;
1618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
lit Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
Nonce- «>_ _____"T__-><_B. VVT
(£<"§-- GOLDEN GATE LODoir NO. 3'o,~Vi_
Kb--*' F. and a. M. -called meeting THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING. January 28, at*_f V
7:30 o'clock. D. 1. ;••■• *. °. V*^\
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
Et^= ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. m '
«*-** and A. M.— First degree, THIS - _r%
(TUESDAY) EVE ING. at 1 :30 o'clock. *■#__*
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. f^W^
RP^= CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6. b7~
">■»=-' R. A. M., will meet THIS (TUES- g_
DAY) EVENING, January 28, at 7:30 "STX*
o'clock. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. /^y\
By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
Bfr-^gp pacific LODGE NO. 130, F. AND _T~
!»-*' A. M.. 1 1 Eddy st... meets THIS A
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. 2D. *_f^*r*'
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary. /^\
XS 8 UNITY ENCAMPMENT Nor_6T_T~^
Era*' l O. O. F.-Members are notified t.o*\/«
attend the funeral of our late patriarch. A
CHARLES MATTHEWS, THIS DAY, at/ \.
1 r. xt., sharp. W. H. BLUN'DERO, Scribe.
jt__f=» BROTHEKS OF ABOU IU-.s'7^uiuZ —
S*^ 6r Adhem Lodge No. 11 2- You are *^_P»2_«_*.
hereby notified that the funeral ser- : =^'fißsBF
vices overourlate brother, CHARLES '-Wiw'**-
MATHEWS, will be held at our lodgeroom on
'IUESDAY at 11 p. xt. ,
J. E. COFFER, Noble Grand.
GS__s*-- MEMBERS OF PARKER .., v ,,|,,,.
b*5S"" Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. F., are 4§9___i_<__-
requested to attend the funeral of :3£g^*sy_'Xj
BROTHER W. EUG WER from his "W//n -*§-=■"
late residence, 820 Lombard St., WEDNESDAY
Janu: ry 29, 1.96, at 2 o'clock. '
J. L. GEARV JR., Noble Grand.
__f MASTER MARINERS? BE- , -_
Bbs* nevolent Association — Regular |\ -avsa»
meeting of the rbove association will be i *'"_»,
held at hall, 421 Post St., WEDNESDAY «*- —
EVENING, January 29. All members are earn-
estly requested to be present, as Important busi-
ness will come up for debate.
L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretary.
IKS* MASTER MABINEBS' BENEVOLENT
"■>-* Association— Funeral Notice, -special meet-
ing will be held THIS DAY, January 28, at hall -
421 Post st., ut 12 m. sharp. All members are re-
ques:ed to be present for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our deceased brother, CHARLES
MATHEWS. By order of the President.
L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretary.
jfE"*"**?* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
™-* of thestockhaldersof the B'nai B'rith Hall
Association will be held at the oflice of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy St., San Francisco, Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1890, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
j the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB lev 1 sun. Secretary.
|*K"gr* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
»"-* of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the'eompany
327 Market street, ,*.: San Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, , February 5, 1890, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuingyear and for the trans-
action of such oilier business as may come before
the meeting. -J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary. -
«__§="' TO LET— HALL AND CLUBROOMS-
<J--<- eventually tolease. 310 O'Farrel!. basement.
' : SPECIAL .NOTICES. ~ —
lsf**"""S=~V^S!TVpAir : ro
Is-** chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, 1. 12.
MPS' MISS" HESTERN GIVES GENUINE
»»sC massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Post st.
Jt_3S= CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT "KNIFE?
"•-*■"* Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
I ■_5&*~ 7" WALLACE, 109""POWELL ST.",
: *****.; room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
£*__5"""- MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
»--* 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
*-*"S» BAD TENANTS . EJECTED ■ FOR $4."
■sac Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 410 Montgy st., room 6, Tel. 6580.
__^PECIAE NOTICES-Contlnuetl.
l^_f windows cleaned anlTfloors
•J**-*-* scrubbed, reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO., 242 Sutter.
-3P%h R £°.£ S WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
***&' ed $3 50 mi. :*l7i.-.»T'ilrd. George Hartman.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
"VT UMBER OF GERMAN AND SCANDTNA-
-*-"< viati second girls: nurses and seamstresses,
want places. Apply C. K. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.; Tel. Grant 185. . ■
YOUNG COLORED YVOMAN WOULD LIKE
■*- position to do housework or cooking: five
years references. Can be seen at MISS CULLEN'S
105 Stockton st.
A NUMBER OF SWEDISH AND GERMAN
x^. good cooks waiting for situations. 11V_ An-
lonio st., off Jones, near Ellis.
TiRESSMAKER AND SE AM STRESS WISHES
."w"7, work In families ; good filter; . terms $1 a day.
-'Oi 2 Stockton St., room 2.
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
X tion as working housekeeper; is fond of chil-
dren. Call or address 1419 Larkin st.
WORTHY YVIDOW WITH 2 CHILDREN
'» wishes a position; good housekeeper: city or
country preferred. Address MRS. A. DONLEY,
1221 O'Farrell st„ city. ;■ .*'.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
do general housework. Apply 1405 Church
St., near Twenty-seventh. .
CATHOLIC YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE PO-
sitloii in Catholic family to do sewing and take
care: of children; first-class references. Address
Seamstress, YVoman's Exchange, Alameda, Cal.
V>Y PRACTICAL NURSE, TO TAKE CHARGE
-L» of infants or Invalid; willing to sew or assist
with housework; good home more an object than
wages; city reference. Address S., box 77, Call.
SPANISH LADY WISHES POSITION AS
LJ housekeeper for an invalid or take charge of
lodging-house. Call 150 Fourth St., room 12.
pOMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
V.' housework; city or country; wages moderate.
Call or address 3 days, 79 Jessie St., nr. Anthony.
BY FIRST-CLASS COOK; CITY OR COUN-
try ; best of reference. Call or address 215 San-
some st.
EAMSTRESS AND DRESSMAKER, THOR-
O ough, desires a position; would assist with
chamberwork, children, or would take care of in-
valid lady. 1 Martha place, off Geary, nr. Mason.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A PLACE TO DO
X. upstairs work or light housework. Call 1011
Post St.
ERMAN GIRL YVISHES SITUATION FOR
general houseworK and cooking: wages $25.
Call from 10 to 3, 823 Harrison st.
"■yOUNG GIRL NTS PLACE FOR~CHAM~- i
X berwork and sewing; good reference. Address
YV., box 53, this office. .
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO YVASH-
X. ing, ironing and housecleaning. Address 22*/_
Louisa st., off Fourth, near Harrison.
•yOUNG LADY. YVOULD LIKE A POSITION
X. as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 6.
RESECTABLE YOUNG - GIRL 7 WANTS A
XX, situation for housework or cooking in a Jew-
ish family; city or country: wages, $25. Apply
232 Minna St., between Third and Fouith.
CLEAN YOUR WALLPAPER 'LIKE NEW;
' formula: Instructions, 25 cents. N, box 6, Call.
YOUNG LADY WisH SITUATION IN
X hotel as cook or waitress; city or country.
Call 150 Fourth St.. room 29.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION IN
A private family or to assist with general house-
wor,. 740 Howard si.
YOUNG AVOMAN YVISHES TO GO OUT AS
X. wet mi rse. Cail 734 Tehama st.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' THE DAY*
xx washing, ironing or housecleaning, or place to
work out. Address 22 Ash aye.
YOUNG YVOMAN (SHI'S SITUATION AS
I. housekeeper in widower's family. Address
MRS. G., Call Branch Office. 116 Ninth st.
AM Elt ICA N l i.M A N OF REFINEMENT
desires position as housekeeper; practical man-
ager and first-class cook. For two days call or ad-
dress MRS. P.. 735 Geary st.
l) gTsrmaßn girls want situations to j
«-' uo general housework, one being a very good '
cook. Call or address 232 Nineteenth St..
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT '
kj Protestant girl to do housework; is good cook;
references. Call 1013"/. Larkin st.
WANTED— BY" ELDERLY* LADY, SITUA-
xx tion as housekeeper or else work by the day;,
no objection to children; wages reasonable. Ad-
dress Santa Cruz House, room 27, 1313 Stockton.
RAINED MUSK WISHES A FEW MORE
engagements by the day or week. Address 142
Seventh st., room 49.
TRONG YOU WOMAN WISHES PLACE
as chambermaid or housecleaniug by the day.
Address 11., box 19 Call Office.
YOUNG LADY DESIRING TO ATTEND -AN
J. an school would give her service forenoons
and evenings in private family In exchange for
g*ood home and small wages: Is good cook; good j
references. D. C, box 86, (all Office.
Gjrrv " WILL PAY* TO THE PERSON WHO !
o\f secures for a. widowed sis.er a position as '
janitress In any public Institution, or Is capable of
taking any responsible position, c shier, matron, j
etc. Address Pro., box 37. Cal Office.
"["> ESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION":
it first-class cook or general housework; best of
city reference. 53 City Hall aye., opp. new City I
Hall._ /_ ■'•'■'
SITUATION* WANTED BY RELIABLE
0 woman; good took and laundress; city or coun-
try. Please call 1169 Mission St., near Eighth.
II*IN "GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
general housework: wages $15. 42 Everett si.
/ - ERMAN GIRL WANTS Situation as j
1 I cook and general housework In private family.
Inquire at 617 Sacramento si.
GERMAN WIDOW WANTS WORK BY THE '
day: washing, ironingand general house-clean-
ing. 130 Second st.
GOOD DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A _*"">
sition as maid or housekeeper in a family: j
only lately from New York City. B. M. , 1802, I
Polk st. - : ; *.-.';:
ITUATION WANTED EXPERIENCED I
IJ And competent saleslady, for cloaks, suits and
furs; desires a position; best city references. Ad-
dress S. M. T., box 114, Call Office.
SITUATION B. YOUNG GIRL IN CHRIS- '
O tian family; near park preferred; care for
baby or children. H. S., 2715 Golden Gate aye.
"VTEAT,""STRONG OERMAN~GIRL~ WANTS
-LA situation as upstairs girt or In laundry. "N. V., i
Call Office, box 108. ' - ■ ■
"yOUNG ' 7DO W ""wISHES POSITION AS !
i. housekeeper. Call 1020 Market St., room 12,
opposite Fiftn. * •
CULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CER-
tliicate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care of
Sherman, Clay A Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO AS-
X. sist in light housework or to take care of child.
Address 508 Po t st.
RESSMAKER — FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
and titter desires engagements at $1 25 a day;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address B. H. A., box 28,
Call Office. .-■-*■
I*XPI . It I ENCE lITOUXG YVIDOYV DESIRES
■igood place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22.
YOUNG LADY ANTS A POSITION AS
X. housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., nrT
x x Market; 200 rooms ; 25c to •«1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
]sfc_g=» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE'
■>--' WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS AVANTELf-nIALE.
FOR FIRST-CLASS FARMERS, TEAMSTF"RS.
. pruners. coachmen, gardeners or mechanics of
any kind send orders to J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st. ■■-"/•■33_M_.j
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
.branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant 46.
HU N A CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacr_mento: tel. 231.
CIHINXS K"7AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
' office; best help. 414 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
_ vides best help. 314b Sutter St.; tel. Grant 30.
BY AN INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN, SlT-
uatlon as useful man, butler or coachman, in
private family. H. H. 8., 1328 Pacific rft.
SITUATION BY A'OUNG MAN 21 YEARS OF
age: has had 3 years' experience in wholesale
grocery; cat. furnish references. ROBERT M.
JUNG, Hi Valparaiso si. ' " -
AT AN WANTS WORK IN HOTEL OR RES-
xxi. taurant to work In kitchen; good dishwasher;
will do anything. Address A. M., 705 Mission St.,
care Adelaide House. '. - - . '■■■*.
BA RI * i ' I> - YOUNG MARRIED MAN".
first-class mixer, wishes position: wages no
object; best of reference. Address or call PHILIP
UNDER, 1011 post st. ,
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
■ment at, nursing, store work or other light
work: city reference. Address D., box 167, Call.
BUTCHERS— ALL ROUND MAN. 506 ELLIS
street. -
YOUNG MAN, GOOD APPEARANCE, WANTS
X position of any kind: can cook or wait at ta-
ble; city, or country. HIBBARD, 829 Stevenson
at..* off Tenth. ■*.•* "..*.-. . V : ;
SITUATION WANTED I AS '; CLERK. SALES-
O man or driver: long experience of general char-
acter in this city; references if required." Address
H-, box 74, Call Office. ■■'.'-- -: -■"■ '■■■-. ■--'■'■■'-*'■ *
YOUNG. MAN wishe* situation AS
-I gardener or . coachman : or any kind, of work
around private place; city refer, nces. Address C.
It., box 7, Call Office. ;: ;;
WANTED— WORK BY' YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking or wait
on table; city or country. Please address H. VIE-
LITZ, 631 Sacramento st.; room 86. • •* .-
MIDDLE-AGED M A :AN D I F*E ( AND I-
navian) wishes good place: ranch: preferred:
wife good plain cook. Address M.A.," box 85, Call.
ACTIVE A'OUNGMAN; 19 "YEARS OLD; LlV-
ing with parents; knows Spanish and English;
wants situation where he can learn business; has
worked at retail dry goods In New York: wages no
object. Address GEORGE. 24 Dorland st. ," : .
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
teamster; 'Is used to horses; good driver. * Ad-
dress 678 Clementina st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
VOUNG~MANr"vERY "'WELL ■■ EDUCATEIV
i. speaks six languages, wants employment. Ad-
dress L. M. N., box 78, Call Office.
W ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN OF 35. SOBER
and of good habits, engineer 10 years' experi-
ence, ; country preferred, farm or institution; en-
tirely understands steam threshing and power ma-
chinery and pumps, windmills, etc: goodwood-
worker and blacksmith. Address W. 8., box 161,
Call Office.
PRINTER, JOB OR NEWSPAPER, WANTS
employment; city or country; moderate wages.
Address Printer, 2442. Dwight Way, Berkeley.
yOUNG z. GERMAN OF GOOD HABITS
A wishes position where he can learn the trade;
security, responsibility. Box 108, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION IN THE
X. country; orchard work preferred: wages no ob-
ject: a good home tne thing. Address W., box 15,
Call Office. '■;.-;
yOUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
X from Scotland; best of character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address A. R, box 57, Call.
APANESE WANTS SITUATION TO DO
cooking: city or country. M. GEORGE, 619
Jessie st. - ■
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
STRONG SECOND GIRL, $25: RESTAURANT
cook, $20, good place; French maid and seam-
stress, $25; German second girl, $25; 20 house-
work girls, city and country, $ 0 to $25: 4 young
girls to assist, $10 to $15. " MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st. .  .. ■
HAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
"VTEAT REFINED YOUNG GIRL, NURSE ONE
■H child, $12. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
KEFI NED GIBLTO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
country, $12; good place. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st.
AITRESS, TRACY HOTEL, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
VTEAT FRENCH OR GERMAN HOUSEGIRL;
->-' small family: see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st.
yOUNG KITCHEN-GIRL, SLEEP HOME;
A young nursegirl, sleep home. C.R.HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary st. -.-',, ;
fx ERMAN GIRL FOR RANCH, NEAR CITY,
xj $20. see party here; 3 German downstairs girls,
$25; a number of young girls to assist. C. R.
HANSEN <_. CO., 110 Geary st.
Ay ANTED — WAITRESS, ALSO CHAMBER-
»» maid, same hotel, country, $20, see party here" •
at 10 to-day; restaurant waitress, $5 a week; cook,
boarding-house, $40; laundress, small country
hotel, $20; 3 German cooks, $25, $30 and $35;
German nurse, $20; second girl, $20; and a large
number of girls to fill situations in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 Sutler st.
Ay ANTED— A LADY'S"MAID, FRENCH PRE-
xx ferred; also an English maid. $25: good sec-
ond girl for small family, city, $25: competent
nurse, 3 chi dren, $30; young German girl for
light work and attend a bakery, $20; 4 good second
girls. $25 each. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Suiter st.
AyANTED-GERMAN OR FRENCH COOK
»' for small boarding-house, $30: second girl,
same place. $20; German cook, $30; second girl,
$26; French maid, $20: German, upstairs and
sewing, $20; French second girl, $20; waitress, $5
a week. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
ATEAT A'OUNG GIRL, LIGHT PLACE, COUN-
AA try, $16; see party here; girls and women can
find good situations at M URRAY A READY'S, 634
Clay«t. ■ v :
"yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 1004 Golden Gate aye.
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
xx $12.. 2252 Central aye., Alameda.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK FOR
small German famil v. 3401 Geary St., grocery.
GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS; ALSO
experienced apprentice. 565 Minna st.
GIRU TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
wages $8. 335 Haight st.
WANTED— IN A PRIVATE FAMILY A COM-
" petent Protestant girl (Swedish or Scotch pre-
ferred) to take care of an invalia lady; refer-
ences required. Addr ss 8., box 37, Call Office.
V "*" OUN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
J- and assist cooking. 1630 Post st.
ERMAN GIRL WAN D~ TO ASSIST IN
general housework. 737 McAllister st.
ANTED— GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF BABY
during the day; must take meals at home.
Apply 318 Golden Gate aye.
yOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
i- sleep home. 1011 Buchanan st.
G~Te RMAN - GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
' work. Apply 632 Hayes sU
W WILL GIVE ROOK ANY BOY OB GIRL
• " who will sell ten scriptures calendars: 10c
apiece. Send addresses to A, L. SMITH. 317 Fulton.
WANTED GIRL DO LIGHT ~ "HOUSE-
xx work. Call after 10, 617 Fifteenth st.
/7_»' ELLIS — PLEASANT, DEBIR A RLE
I OO suite; also large alcove rm.; private family.
TENOIiRTYPHER^fArFTMACHINEUSED,
0 speed in lines per hour, system of stenography,
salary expected. 8., box 10, Call Office.
-ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
and assist with children. 2006 Sutter st.
I\* ANTED— FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK ;
xx no washing; can sleep home or here; wages
$2 £0 per week. Call, between 11 and 12 a.m.,
fin - .' Mission st. * . .
RELIABLE GERMAN OR JEWISH GIRL
for housework and to assist with cooking. Ap-
ply after 10, 622 Golden Gate aye.
\\ " ANTED-LADY OF* REFINEMENT FOR A
xx position of trust. Address box 52, Drugstore,
corner Eleventh st. and Railroad aye., south San
. Francisco, Cal.
rrv YOUNG LADIES IMMEDIATELY TO
- OxJ learn millinery; spring trade; materials fur-
nished; terms reasonable; positions. 234 Taylor.
ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
" school; class or private ; course thorough and
practical ; satisfaction guaranteed reasonable. 410
Leavenworth st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
■ii Market Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: f-^e bus to and from the ferry.
W. ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED LADY TO AS-
.xx sist in housework ; $8 per month. 435 Fourth.
ANTED— AN* ENTERPRISING LADY TO
xx iake charge of business out of city: must be
thoroughly reliable. Address Reliable, box 31,
Call Office. - ■■■ * ■ -
ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL UOUSE-
work. -211 Scott st.
XPERIENCED HANDS ON FINISHING
corsets: fancy work. Corset factory, 309 Hayes.
*W ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
» » how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system: no models, charts or squares used. COHN,
Ladles' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city.
\\* ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERA'; NEYV
xx term commences this mo. Room 61. 121 Post.
VIISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
xXX linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 360: MORNING
and ev'g classes ;10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9*.h.
RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market-'
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
MALE HELP WANTED.
SUPERINTENT>pfN^FIm~7A^^
and found (apply by letter, stating ,full par-
ticulars); 6 miners: 3 farmers: 2 cooks; concrete
finisher, $3 day; 2 boys for ranches; cook for a
ranch. $25: barber-shop to let, country hotel.
MURRAY' A READY', Employment Agents. 634
Clay st.
WANTED - YOUNG MAN TO OPEN
xx oysters and wait, $30; farmer who can make
butter, cultivate orchard, etc., $25; French black-
smith, good wages: second cook, German, $20.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. . yy*
ANTED-3 MINERS, $2 50: 2 WOODCHOP-
xx pers, $1 25 \ cord ; tiemakers; cooks; waiters-
baker for country: and others. . Apply J. F. CROS-
ETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st. * , "- .;,
WANTED-2 FIRST-CLASS CARPENTERS
» x on Inside finish ; , no others need annlv. A. a.
MORRIS, 303 Montgomery st.
WANTED -YOUNG BOOTBLACK. SARA-
x x toga, 91 1 8 Larkin st., near Post.
T> ELIABLE CATHOLIC YOUNG MAN FOR
JA grocery-store; over 20 years; references. Ad-
dress E , box 3, Call Office,
ARBER-YOUNG MAN WITH. SOME Ex-
perience. 719 Montgomery aye. .
E ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL'A MEETS
to-night, Alcazar JUdg., fir. J.KLITSCH.Pres.
"DOOTBLACK~W ANTED. 921 MARKET ST.
OOD TAILOR ON COATS; YOUNG MAN.
T 527 Natoma st. * ,-.,-.  : .--::y. &
ANTED— A.GERMAN OR FRENCHMAN.
xx must speak some ■ English, as a porter and
understand the care of horse and wagon: no driv-
ing; married preferred. Address F. G.. box 66.
Call Office. ..-';'.■-
-7*l (i(X MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR sc; CLEAN
IVY/ towel to each and* bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. j I4t_ Montgomery aye.
ANTED— MECHANICS. CLERKS,' LABOR-
xx ers to call if they do not receive their ju3t dues;
law and commercial I collections: no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH. £ 125 POLK
St.. one block from New City HalL ' • .
AN W'lLLINtr TO RUSTLE; GOOD SAL-
ary to right party. 206 Leavenworth st,
E W WALDO HOUSE. 766 i MISSION, . BET.
. Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up;. per week $1 up; open all night. . ■;
?-,f\t\ MEN TO GET A FINE fT/LISH, DU-
Qxjxj table calf shoe toorder.g'- 60. 959 Howard.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; .AVELL COOK ED -MS
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourih.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
XJ female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1516 Howard st.
: 7 '7T : ■'■■'''-'7' ; -T _ " ■
HELP WANTED-Contlnned.
BARBERS- F^R^THIo^I^nT^ALlT^
retarv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ANTED-GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
11 city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
BARBERS* ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238 O'Farrell st.
OSEDALE HOUSE, "831 ELLIS^ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
EW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-<-i rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST MEAL
try 13V2 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726 l /_, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
"VTEYV AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
AA 25c up; men's half soles, 40c., 959 Howard at.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
11 st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
"\»T ANTED— LAEORERS -* MECHANICS I
lx to know tbat Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver . House, 217 Third st.: 150
large rooms; . 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
EN TO SELL M A N II A TTAN EGG FOOD; j
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
INCHESTERHOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR !
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
"I /in MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c j
AY'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls. I
624 Washington st., near Kearny. ' |
EST IN CIT — SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND j
25 cents per night; 81, 81 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1 j
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay st.
WANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
11 steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S "/..-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
XJ single firmshed rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
il ARBERS" PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
FREE BEER— SCHOONERS FOR sc;
also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
-tO!! MEN'S SECOND-HAN DED SHOES.SOME
r±\J\J nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission st. r
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room 25c a night: 81 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you trait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: workgaar-
anteed. 562 Mission et.. bet. First and Second.
AGENTS wanted.
OMETHINO NeFfOß '" AG ENTS ? LADIES
or gentlemen can make from $3 to $10 a day.
Apply 2 to 5 p. M., 1155 Howard st.
C CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants good agents to work Its accident and
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
YV. HANNA Secretary, Murphy building. ■■■>--■»
HOUSES anted.
WANTED-BA' FEBBUABT '_M___3_
flat, cottage or 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms: bath;
north of Market, east of Polk; rent $10 to $12; not
a basement flat. Address W. 0., box 64, Ca1l Office.
AVANTED-MISCELI.ANEOUS.
TirANT'ETJ-Y'WR^^ IF IT __BDB
if repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING ANDJEW
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postaL
— — _ _ _
LOST.
©jr/A REWARD
"©•"J V YVill be paid for the arrest and conviction -
of the persons stealing 6 specimens of gold and 1 of
silver, value about $50, from the Academy of
Sciences on or about Saturday, January 25, 1896.
J. Z. DAVI-*. Director of Juseum.
T OST— ON SATURDAY*. GOLD SPECTACLES,
XJ in leather case, either on sutter St. or Larkin
and Polk st. cars or on Polk st. Return G. LEON-
ARD, 213 Sansome st.
LOST— JANUARY 18, ONE FOX-TERRIER
Dog: tan ears and head: tan soot on butt of
tail; medium size. Return 525 Alvarado st. Suit-
able reward. V
OST— < ' 6 SETTER DOG. RETURN To
359 Clementina st. ; reward. :;•:-,:.
COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRY'ANT for $5, 204 lurk St., near Jones.
MONEY, BY" NOT HAVING MY" HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister si.
s FOUND.
SMALL DOG, SUNDAY MORNING NEAR
Union square. I'OEHLMAN'S. 401 Post st.
MEDICAL. '. ~
LADIES, ATTENTION — HAVE A Posi-
X live cure for female complaints: trial bottle
free; mail orders promptly attended to. Corona
Remedies, 917 Market st., offices 1 and 2.
A BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
_A lief for monthly irregularities from any cause"
by the most experienced ladles' physician in Cali-
fornia; latest method: superior to any: beware of
frauds: come direct to Woman's Dispensary. DR.
and MRS. DAVIES. 14 McAllister st... next Hi-
bernia Bank, and avoid blood poisoning or life
injury. French F. Pink Pills. $3.
MME. DE GIERS - "MAGIC WONDER, THE
only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours: $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
LAD lES, CONSULT FREE-MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist in the
city; $500 paid fur a case I fall to cure; diseases
of the eye treated especially.
ANEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU
menis or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- !
ter from what cause; restores always in one day; i
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home; 1
all cases guaranteed. DR. popper. 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LA D I ES~— INSTANT BE
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever !
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved ;
method, superior to others: ladles will save time !
and money, be assured of honest treatment by j
consulting the doctors before calling on others:
patients who have been imposed upon are spe- i
cially invited; home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free: Pink Pills, $:'. DR. and
MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., near Jones.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
2 J ones. Diseases of women and children.
ALL JEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE I
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
anytime: travelers helped at once: home in con-
finement; French. pills guaranteed: consult fre°.
MRS. DR. YVEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
AIRS. (i. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
x-XX the womb a specia 230 Clara st-, nr. Fifth.
DBS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator. $2.
1370 Market. -
LADIES - DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best.: never fail-
sl per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL . FEMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OYVYER. 226 Turk st.
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
-JA MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416Ei«hth St.. Alameda.
\J RS. DR. WEGENER: PRIA'ATE HOME IN
I*l confinement: irregularities cured in a few !
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS. A BOON TO I
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: $2 50 express C. O. I).: don't delay I
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal. .-■
"I F IRREGULAR OH ANY" FEMALE DISEASE i
X gee Mrs. Dr. Pnetz and be content. 254 V. 4th.
:-*'--..-*«_' ->i,_; l'\77t SALE.
Tj" U ITURE~Of ;/V 4^l?7o^u^r^MP^
J cheap. .*3o._'& Sixteenth st.
OLID OAK PALACE FOLDING-BED FOR
sale cheap. Inquire Hotel Langham.
"VfEARLY NEW FURNITURE OF A 6-ROOM
AA flat; cheap. 639 Valencia st.
WE WILL MOVETEBBUARY 1— — -_-.
»' Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we offer 1
our entire stock of. furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) ...750
English linoleum (laid)...: .* .35c
SHIREK & SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton sc
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, i 9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
"DEDUCTIONS ON LARGE .TOOK. NEW AND*
A. second-hand; 400 carpet-, good as new, oil- '
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c- 7- I
piece chamber suits, **4 50: cornico poles, 25c: |
ranges, $5: cash or Installments;- goods shiyuei
free. T. li*. NELSON*. 126 Fourth St.
FURNITURE WANTED
ASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA»-
J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOB
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lnndv
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.; call or. send postal.
■ "-"■.__._•___■- L.ZL,., s"ti"
CARPETS CLEAi^D~AITD~R^NOVATED
> like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth- t«l
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successor..'*
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO 240
« 14th si.; cleaning Sc a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CITY STEAM C A PET CLE ANING.RENOVTT
ting, 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPETBEATING AXDRIN-
xf » ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
"RATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-"
IV vating Works HAMILTON ABAlLLY:^ayl__
and altering. -18- 5 Guerrero- lei. M ission 21 Tk
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED -
poor work send to SPA ULDINO's Pioneer (Jar-
Fet Beating YVorks, 363-7 Tehama; teUS_-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORK-_""___"
V Goldon Gate aye. .- telephone ease 126.
BUSINESS rHS\CKt.
©^Ha^f^epaaTni 1 SA LOON AND LOTjG-
tJJjDDU. ing-house of 18 rooms, bath, etc. ; a sure
barga n. JOHNSTON, 2ti" 2 Kearny st.
(_> 1 r*. fi PARTNER IN ESTABLISHED MAN~
tjpl OU. ufacturing business. JOHNSTON, 26". a
Kearny st. - ■ - '
(_.)*:/• PARTNER IN SIGN BUSINESS
xuiOOxJ. and white-enamel letter agency; $17 to
$20 a week: trial. JOHNSTON, 26*/ 2 Kearny.
rtjTq Tty*T~ A~SNAFrCO RNER THIRD" STREET,
<P«J_-«J. saloon, near Market: big stock; good
fixtiires-,cneapatsSso. JOHNSTON, 2B* '% Kearny.
-(-if\fi RESTAURANT; A RIG BARGAIN;
•T^DcfU. one block north of Market: receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 26*/ Kearny st.
FINE CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY", NEAB
Market st. JOHNSTON, 26*/ 3 Kearny st.
TO BUY, SSLLOR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<)7- GROCERY AND BAR, YVITH 4
CpZ i O. rooms; full value; rent $22. STRAND,
I 45 Third st.
' li&Qf^ll SALOON. WITH 5 ROOMS: BAR.
•JpOUU. gain to-day. .-TRAND, 45 Third st.
, <I_/17K RESTAURANT: OPP. CARHOUSE}
j »3> *± 10. pays well. STRAND, 45 Third st.
<J_QF\A PARTNER IN A RESTAURANT;
-iDOU-i. clear $75 month each. STRAND, 45
Third st. :
"VfOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
■LA promptly for cash. HEALY 4 CO.. 23 Kearny.
c it »M BAKERY ACROSS THE DAY : BAK-
xTP • OxJ . ing 6 barrels per day; 2 double wagons:
4 horses; bes- class of custom: rent *2(): proprie;or
is owner of property, and is retiring from business;
$350 cash, balance to be paid out of profits of busl-
ness; clearing $175 month. II .'.a LA", 23 Kearny.
QO7X COR. SALOON; - NEAR KBMINU
*4P*J • O. of railroad; handsomely fitted up: doing
.good business; call to-aay. HEAL Y. 23 Kearny st.
ffiOfJflA RESTAURANT NEAR FACTORIES
*tt , - J . ,J C'". do ng a business of $60 per (lay; 4
rooms: building included In sale; so such bargain
ever offered for sale; best of reason for selling.
Apply YV. F. HE ALA* A CO., 23 Kearny st.
SRI 000 CORNER GROCERY AND P. a 8.7
tin_.vc-*u. with living-rooms, in Western Addi-
tion: rent. $26: owner kept place ten years. Far-
ticniars at 533 California st., Phcenix Bar.
•"Si 300 PARTNER FOR VABIET. THEA-
_S .Hi ter ** nd bar " Inquire 533 California St.,
Phcenix Bar. *
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED "WITH
ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. JOHN REIDY A CO, i:*y 2 sixth st.
FINE SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
counection with lodging-house or' 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; splendid location: must be sold-
owner going East. REIDY A CO., 131 » Sixth st.
© f;AO A SNAP; PARTNER WANTED IM-
*&OxJ\J. mediately; light manufacturing busi-
ness; worth $800; duties liirht: short hours: clears
$100 a month: can be doubled. STANLEY, 'J
Geary st., room 2.
<S*A7PI GROCERY - STORE — GOOD BUSl-
«©*!•'-'• ness; good location : good stock ; great
bargain. H. STANLEY", 9 (ieary St., room 2.
•ft-L^fi " — -?* l5O - : — — •—-
-x&AOXJ. Saloon. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
BAKER A. COFFEE PARLOR; VERA* BEST
location; finest fitted-up place Incity; has very
large counterand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 8 places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBERG &CX I . 633 Market st.
OJ> CJflll CIGAR -STORE; NEAR MARKET;
■.UUO. receipts average (15; full value In
stock, fixtures; leaving city. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
¥nn PARTNER YVANTED wh6l bsalh
XipxlxJxJ. and retail produce and commission
business in busiest country town in California;
oilers grand opportunity for some active man.
STENfiERG <_ CO., 632 Market -■..
SOOC BRANCH BAKERY, DELICA .
ujAO. store: YVesiern Addition; living-rooms;
new stock: suitable for man and wife. SI'EN-
BERG & CO., 632 Mark- st.
<4_in7l(l BAKERA', NORTH OF MARKET,
-4pJ-YfcfU. baking 21/3 barrels dally; 2 horses,
wagons: weekly receipts $150; 5 living-rooms;
cheap rent ; lease; noopposition; bargain. STEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market st.
OARTNER WANTED— CASH BUSINESS;- IN-
X side work; no night or Sunday work; full loves'
tigation. Inquire Call Office.
O^OOO WILL PURCHASE BUSINESS IN.
x&xjxjxjxj terest worth twice the amount In-
vested and secure permanent management on sal-
ary of $100 per month and commission; position,
outside of Investment, really worth $500 <er
month; only those who can show that they h-iva
the cash need apply; bankers' reference's fur-
nished. Address M. 1". i:.. box 90, Call.
Q*F;A(*|A INTERIOR AGENCY FOR SALE."
xjpO\lx)XJ. .For particulars apply this office.
SALOON TO LET: FIXTURES AND 2 i.\V.
ing-rooms; rent .-?2'J. _350 Rrannan, near Third.
(C9-1X br .nchTbXkera*. CANDY, *,'.
'3?— i—O. tionery store; l living-rooms: rent $18;
co agents. 341 Fifth st.
LOON FOR SALE; GOOD LOCATION. 772
Harrison St., or see boss 427 Fourth.
T ADY* PARtTnTOTIvITII A SMALL CASH
XX capital in a legitimate business who could de-
vote a portion of her rime to office work. Address
S. C, box 163, Call Office.
$ A Fill CORK BR CIGA R-STORE; FIN EFI X-
i- Ov' . tures and stock: no night or Sunday
work. Anply to PIERCE, -2*: Kearny st.
AIT ANTED — STEADY MAN; LIGHT, GEN-
xx tee] business; 885 per month; must have .some
cash. 873V_ Market st., room 1.
ffiOCA COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; DAILY
<$)00\J. receipts $15; 4 living-rooms. Call Office.
A\r ANTED-PA RTNER FOB SALOON BUSI-
. xl ness; must have some ready cash: good pay-
ing place; best location. P. A., box 59. Call Office. '
GROCEBY AND SALOON FOR SALE; NEYV
stock; good reason for selling. Apply 223 15;
SALE— HOTEL; 64 ROOMS: NICE BARV
big dining-room: good reasons forsclling; cheap
If sold at once. For particulars call 922 Bati ry st.
BARBER-SHOP, with 3 CHAIRS, BOO*I%
black stand and laundry office, f^r sale Cheap.
1017 Larkin st., near Sutter.
S" MALLTdBINKING-SaLOON; CHEAP; BUSY
O neighborhood. 650 Sacramento st.
TF YOU WISH TO REALIZE ON YOUR
A bankbook In California Savings and Loan So-
ciety address! I. N. PATTISON. 19 Montgomery.
ffiOOC BRANCH BAKERY AND COFFEE
•"fp-j-itJ l . saloon. 1346 Valencia st.; no agents.
Q Q O O A loon~pl- omTnent - corn e it-
tJpt/Y'Yf. club rooms: side entrance; goo I busi-
ness: fair stock; trial given before buying. Call
for further particulars at 6 Eddy St., bet. 12 and 1
o'clock. C. T. MARTIN.
ONE OF' THE BEST- PAY ING MEN'S FUR.
nishing goods business for sale; best location In
the city; must be sold on account of sickness;
about $4000 required. Address G. 8., box 32,
this office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CIGAR-STAND FOR
sale; cheap. Apply at stand, 777 Market st. ;
<£ IKA CASH WIDE BUY AN ESTAB^
"4PU_»V lished business, consisting of branch
bakery, milk depot, stationery, groceries, notions,
cigars and tobaccos: less than one-third its actual
cash value: owner must leave the city by February
1. Address MEE, box 65, Call Office,
FOR SALE- A TWO-FLATS MODERN HOUSE
of 4 and 5 rooms and baths: No. '.07 \'n!!eio St.,
near Stockton: sire 19x47; to be "removed. Ap.
ply to B. CURRIE, contractor, 40 New Montgom-
ery St.. between 1 and 3 r. m.
ItOR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, VARIETY
r and notion store, laundry office and cigars; a
bargain. 2107 Powell st.
ARTNER WANTED IN GENERAL l-OM-
mission business, handling different lines of
goods: present proprietor constantly traveling and,
needs a partner to cake charge Indoors; capital re-
quired about $5000, to go entirely into the business.
'• Address Commission Merchant, box 47. this office.
"OT IDOAV OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
xl partner in good paying business. 202*-,. Turk.
OLD-ESTABLISHED BUSINESS; DELICA^
cles, tamale and supper parlor for sale: reason-
able; account of poor health. 513 Jones St.
fl_l KA BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR;
«HVItJU. sale; cheap rent. GEO. C. YOUNG,
Petaluma.
SMALL A'ARIKTA'-STORE FORSALE: REAi
sonable. 3110 Sixteenth st., above A'alencia.
OR SALE CHEAP; SALOON IN Al LOCA^
tion: owning party going out of business. Ad-
dress P. G., box 19, Call Office.
X ESTAURANT. MAR ST., CHEAP; GOOD
XV business; bargain. BARCLAY* .v LYNCH, '.'.*s
Market st.
PAPER ROUTE FOR sale. TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers IS blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chax.es for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
■■■RAKERY - AND~N6TIOSS;' (HEAP- KENT
AJ $8: no agents. Inquire this office.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB _" CENTS '- TJ_5
-A. WEEKLY CALL. In wranper. for mailing.
LODGIAG-HOUS-' FPU SALE. "
14 ROOMS, ALL
xs)\J\J\J. furniture; north of Market; nartcash-
sacrifice. JOHNSTON, -XiA- _ Kearny st. P 8h '
(IH_» nn ,12-room house. ~DECKER, 1205 MarKet.
O*-'' 'x ' 12 room house. DECKER, 1206 Market.
HOTEL-60 BOOMS. BAR, 60 BOARDERS:
payments. DICKER, 1206 MarXet. ?"^"°
SllS 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCA'. ION;
yi-j~xj. 18 rooms; best corner in city 81,600
14 rooms, on Geary st. B*T)
20 rooms: sunny corner; must "seli." ] 700
10-room house: very central * i-.i,
11. C. DECKER, 1208 Market'stV.'co'r Taylor
Sr\ fiO 000 IV, -;;^,;7 FURNITURE.
xs\J\J .\J\J\J DECKER, 1206 Market st.
$1200. ffiSiffi)! HOUSE, [_™
<3)IZUU. Baldwin. DECKKR^UOtf Market
RO SPOMS; FINE CORNER; AVORTH S_o7"v
*JV $2000 will buy R. See DECKEB, ?2(>d Market!
,^4OO Rt, o>'iNG house - 23 »OOMlii
S5 T. U. , rent $50: clears monthly $100: "must
be sold; sickness. , STENBERG CO., 83- Market
ILT7 SS-S
$700.- < D i r __l?.*y rt s^!,» !?■-£?„.„.?
SEAVING , MACHINES. ~
ALL KINDS ROUGH'rVsOLDVISXcTI7ANGFD"
, A rented, repaired; lowest «it 205 Fourth 1 •_>_____^ HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 2-STORY FRAME, 7 SUNNY" ROOMS
and bath, yard: north side Capp St., nr. How-
ard: rent $25. Apply to D. B. BoWLEY, agent,
on the premises. . . , . .
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; STABLE
for horse ana wagon: large cellar; 159 Erie
st., between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, near Fol-
Bom; rent $18. MADISON A BURKE, B2O Market.
H OUSE— I2 ROOMS: GOOD LOCATION; 6UN-
ny side; low rent; bargain. Address M. *£-.
box 122.
999 X POST, BET. SCOTT AND DEVISA-
—— — '-' dero— House, 6 rooms; bath; basement:
rnnlen. stniile. driveway.
ll'*'*-..' 0 RHOMS: RENT $16. 18 GAR-
-1 1 den st., bet. Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and
Bryan:.
1 PI 9/1 CALIFORNIA — HOUSE 11 SUNNY*
-*- O-uzx rms. bath : newly painted, decorated ; yard
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia st.; rem $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
AVED-DOLLARS. DIMES AND KICKED*
by renting a house from BALDWIN A HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery st. j
V PURXISUED- HOUSES.
991 Q WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
——X*> china: piano: bath: $45.' '
''•IT AGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; VrooSST^ATh7~^R(^CEL^
L.r. 421 Cedar aye., cfl Geary St., near Laguna.
COTTAGE 5 ROOMS-BATH: LARGE YARD;
cellar. 2105 Webster St., near Sacramen'o.
m COTTAGE OF 6 _tOO__s; Son-
abie for one or two families.
V 1 \'l COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS AN " BATH;
-l-> sunny; yard and basement ; cheap. 2425 Post.
UNNY BAY - WINDOW COTTAGE OF 5
~- rooms: large yard and basement. Fifteenth
and Dolores sts.
FLATS TO LET.
J*-L^r73ni£os!ls^ MoAIJ-LSTER <£t7~~~
1 " 'IO CLAY, CORNER LARKIN^ULAT: 9
1 • 'OO rooms and bath; rent $25.
UNNY* FLATS : _ AN: 3 ROOMS. 202 GROVE
St.. corner Van Ness aye.
L* I . r.i , ANT NEW FLAT: » ROOMS; ALL
X^ latest improvements; rent cheap. 713 Grove.
UPPER FLATS-TaND 7 ItOOMS AND BATH;
14 rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
TWO FLATS, 8 a ND 4 ROOMS, WITH BATH;
x $10 and $14; 4 and 8 Lassett St., near Fillmore
and Haight. Inquire a: 123 Taylor st.
TTPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS. <<*.'/ SILVER
xJ st., near Third.
IK ROOMS AND BATH, 304 LILY AYE.;
rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness ave^
79A» MCALLISTER— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS.
I — U laundry and bath; rent $80.
OR. SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6
CBUNNI BAY- v.' IMi' IW FLAT OF 6
rooms and bath. 104.' Folsom st.
_ UNNY FLAT; 4 BOOMS, BATH. 1706 POST
str-et.
Q"| a SUNNY LOWER AT; 5 ROOMS,
•_ 1 "t. bath. 420 Fourteenth St., near Valencia.
Q*|Q NE. .FOLK AND JACKSON— 4
•J" lc. sunny rooms; i>a:h.
• ).)1 CLINTON PARK, BET. GUERRERO
£i£i% and Market— Upper sunny flat: 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap G. 11. UMBSEN* A CO.,
Agents.
_» ROOMS. BATH. 409 THIRTEENTH ST..
0 above Valencia.
A 9_»l NOE SI., BLOCK NORTH OF MAR-
X— O-j ket— 6 rooms; 3 bay-window corner flat;
rem reduced.
M- ■■ FLAT; LOW RENT;" 7
rooms: bath and gard n: top of bill. 923 Fell.
Q9O Xf*, NEW, ELEGANT, SUNNY MOD-
-.O.OxJ. em bay-window flat: 5 rooms; bath.
925 Golden Gate aye.
'> ROOMS AT 26 NATOMA: RENT S 7. APPLY'
O BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME NEW FLAT OF ~7 ROOMS. 734
Fourteenth, between Market and Sanchez.
UNNY CORNER FLAT, 7 BOOMS; BATH;
casement. 333 Halght. corner Webster.
UNNY CORNER FLAT: 7 BOOMS AND
bath; 3 bay-windows; key at 1553 Howard st.
Q 1 A 4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND BASE-
QX*±. ment. 26 Lloyd st- Off Scott, nr. Waller.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
* --'7 Hayes st.
Fl "U FURNISHED BOOMS; BATH;
J ho: and cold water. 331"-, _ Eddy st.
Q97 XA SUNNY' B a _ - V," 1 DO W~ FLAT.
'. — I .OKI. 1804 Washington st., near Polk; 6
rooxs and bathroom.
SUNNY UPP_R FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH;
latest improvements; cor. oak and Scott sis.
SAVE CAR FARE— BEST FLATS IN THE
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion: nice neighborhood: keys SE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 sansome st., room 4.
y_KV FINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
1 yard: low rent. 2510 Mission: key next door.
.;■ JI FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
— I "T. flat; 5 rooms, bath; «17 50. DMBSBNd:
CO.. 14 Montgomery st,
Q*| O 7-BOOM FLATS; CLOSET.-. STOVES.
0-»0. water, dumb waiter: ailmcdern: at 958
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG A KROLL. 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
SA VED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st. . .
* WEEKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
- V. WEEKLY CALL. in wraDoer. for mailing.
HOI >E__EEFIN"_r KOOMS.
Capp Street.
1 AAK CAPP-ONE LARGE SUNNY FUR-
I \Jx.IQ nished room for light housekeeping; bath.
i-ddy street.
9 1 D EDDY— _ SUNNY" ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
—I* keeping: private place: 912 a month.
090 EDDY*— UNFURNISHED SUITE LARGE
«->— O sunny parlors aad kitchen, with use of bath;
rent reasonable; reference.
OX 7 EDDY— 2 FURNISHED OR PARTLY
Ox I furnished housekeeping rooms; private
family.
■ — ■ — *
Everett Street.
C J EVERETT, NEAR FOURTH— 3 FUR-
("I nished housekeeping rooms. , --'-A.. 4
Fillmore street.
Cl n FILLMORE, OFF HAIGHT— 3 SUNNY
'JX\J housekeeping rooms; modern improve
ments: rent $10.
Folsom Street.
09fl FOLSOM, NEAR FOCRTH-$l PER
O— U week: sunny furnished rooms.
tieary st. eet.
ml GEARY, OPP. PARK-515; ALCOVE
1 »/l -L suite and adjoining rooms, with porcelain
sink; bath: 8 closets; partly furnished.
7 GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM
• dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
Golden Gato Avenue.
000 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 nished housekeeping rooms and bath.
bough Street.
"I "I 9fV GOUGH, NEAR O'FARRELL-SUITE
i-I— v of rooms; large, sunny; bath connected;
for light housekeeping: partly furnished-; reference.
Grant Avenue.
"1 7 GRANT . AVE.-CH ANG ED HANDS;
A I newly furnished rooms, single or en suite:
transient.
Howard Street.
70A 1 HOWARD - NICELY FURNISHED
1 XJX 2 suite with kitchen; man and wife pre-
ferred.
1 f)X9 HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
xxj*j^ cheap; also single sunny rooms. ■
1110 HOWARD — LARGE, FURNISHED,
.1 J ' O newly papered; good baking-stove; «7.
_»y«te street.
C AQ HYDE-5 FURNISHED SUNNYROOMS,
OXJ suitable for houseKeeping; will let single.
Kearny Street. ;.
99Q KEARNY' —TO LET FEB. I—s CON-
— — .' necting rooms, partly furnished, or 2 unfur-
nisbed; suitable for doctor or offices.
Lurk in Street.
"1 ()(\(i LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED OR
l^xjxjxj unfurnished sunny room; bath; gas.
McAllister Street.
OA(\ MCALLISTER - FURNISHED ROOM
O^xxJ for housekeeping.
O A A MCALLISTER ST.— 3 SUNNY UNFUR-
Q~xA nished rms; housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
Minna Street. . A, : '.
79 MINNA ST. — SUNNY UNFURNISHED
1 jL. housekeeping rooms; cheap. «.
Mission Street.
<■•>' 1 M ISSION — COMPLETELY FURNISH-
xJ^-O'i ed sunny houskpg rooms; bath and porch.
. Pine Street.
4- V^'FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
_* 810 a month. 725*V_ O'Farrell st. ,
1 '"".On WN " K - SUNNY- HOUSEKEEPING
2i_"" rooms; no children;, reference required..
Seventh Street.
"I OO SEVENTH-2 LARGE, NICELY FUR-
-_____"&?--*_ front housekeeping 1 rooms; yard;
reasonable.
1 'll ? ''"" *- " 1 - ! : CONNECTIN<J ROOMS FOR
„- l, bonsekeeping; bedroom and kitchen; rea-
sonable.
Sixth Street. f/y
191 SIXTH-CHEAPEN. IN THE CITY;
X.4.X cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
South Park.
I 0 S0T _ TH PARK-UNFURNISHED ROOMS
xxj for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
Ifi S r\ U ' rH . PARK-2 SUNNY WELL-FUR.
x-xj nished bay-window housekeeping rooms: $11.
Stockton Street.
m STOCKTON- SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping; $12 a month.
Washington street.
"SO 9 WASHINGTON - SUNNY UNFU R-
xjxj^j nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
"Welsh Street. -
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
furnished housekeeping room yard ; cheap.
KOOMS TO LEA.
Mush Street. vp/xAy/A.
Ol O BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
oL*J and double room; gas; grate.
Q Oil BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
OOxJ suites and single; also light housekeeping.
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-NEW HOUSE;
incandescent lights in every room; first-class
reading-room, containing all daily papers; open all
nigh.; rooms per day 35c to ijil 60; week, *2 to $8;
month. $8 30; (ire escapes.
FOQELLIS-N EATLY FURNISHED BACK
OjjuO room ; suitable for gentleman. __^^
Geary Street.
fT"! Q GEARY-NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
OX able for doctor's offices: single and en suite;
furnished, enfurnlshed: housekeeping; reasonable.
Grove Street.
"1 O GROVE — SUNNY" FURNISHED ROOM,
IO with or without use of kitchen: $11.
Henry Street.
'l HENRY, CORNER NOE, BLOCK NORTH
OX of Markei— 2 rooms, with grate; *12. ;■
Jessie Street.
n~(\ JESSIE — 3 NICE ROOMS, UNFUR-
DOc" nished; large yard; cellar; rent $12. ,
Jones Street.
9/17 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-IH management: elegant sunny suites * and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO t0 530.-;
rOn JONES, " NEAR GEARY*— SUNNY PAR-
O^JxJ ior suite: grate, bath,* gas; reasonable. -.
Kearny street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
Ax. hi. l sunny rooms, en suite and single; first Class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
AOC\ LARKIN - NICELY FURNISHED
1— O rooms, single and en suite.
Market Street.
-77 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
111 suites and single: housekpg; also offices.
'OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
J. Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night, 35c to $1: week, »1 60 to $5; families.
11l Q MARKET ST.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
-- X. x O nished rooms: month, week or transient,
Marye Terrace.
"If* MARYE TERRACE, 424 TURK-SUNNY'
-LU single, also a double room; reasonable; bath.
Minna street.
007 MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 aweek;
transient.
Mission Street..
QA C MISSION ST.-LARGE SUNNY FUR-
OxO nished single room; $5 month.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single oren suite; transients.
fX RAND SOUTHERN* — SE. COR. 7TH AND
".J Mission.reopened ; thoroughly renovated :sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished {single or en suite;
stationary washstands and running I water ' in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
Moss Street.
00 MOS*"— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM AND
OU smail kitchen.
O'Farrell Street.
"J 99 O' FARRELL — NICELY FURN. ROOM
X£— for gentleman ;all conveniences tcentral; #8.
A"),-, O'FARRELL — NICELY' FURNISHED .
_t_iU double room: hot and cold water; f 10.
Perry' Street.
3 UNFURNISHED, ALL LIGHT, FINE SUN-
ny rooms: new bou^e; .cheap. Rear _63 Perry.
Pine Street.
£"9"l PINE— FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE FOR
'-xx 2 gentlemen; $10; running water; quiet
house. SfVM-MBH-nMB-NB&K"?-
-1 owell Street.
9*1?: POWELL - SUNNY FURNISHED
«■!» rooms; $8 and *10.
Kidley Street.
iJO RIDLEY', NEAR VALENCIA — 2 NICE
j-,xJ sunny rooms for housekeeping, 910; also 1
single, $3 50. -
Sansome Street.
AMERICAN EXCHANGE HOTEL, 319 SAN-
some— Light airy rooms. $1 to $160 a week;
housekeeping rooms 93 a week up
Stockton Street.
9f191 STOCKTON, OPP. UNION SQUARE—
— xJ-u'i Changed hands; newly renovated and
pleasant sunny rooms; single or en suite; day,
week or month. * -
Sutter Street.
Q(*)0 SUTTER — NEWLY FURNISHED
•-'UO double parlor and single rooms.
— Taylor Street. -
C*l Q TAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
OXO ny front, suitable 2 gentlemen: also single.
99 TAYLOR— FURNISHED- SlN-
_«_. gle sunny room for gentleman.
Third Street- •
TiriNCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms "26c to $1 50 per night: ffl 50 to $6 per week:
electric lights in every room ; reading r'm ; free bus.
..'." Van Ness Avenne. -
1111 VAX NESS AYE. — PLEASANTLY
X J X X furnished front room; private family.
BOARD- ING AND ROOMS.
?7T9*POST^njNNY~FRO^^ RLOR WITH
1 X_s board; $25 for 1 and $40 for 2.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
suites/with first-class board for 2 or 4 gentle-
men; all modern conveniences: $25. 515 Taylor.
OME COMFORTS; DOUBLE OR SINGLE,
with board ; choice. 1431 Market st.
QQQ GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
000 suites; table board; suitable for families.
OfXO BUSH, COR. STOCKTON— THE GRENO-
UUO — Newly and elaborately furnished rms.;
ilngle or en suite : bo_rd optional ; terms reasonable.
IF YOU WANT A. PLEASANT HOME CALL
at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush st. ; the Winder-
mere; references required. *■ - ' : ■
HOTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required ; all mod-
em conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED. I-:
L" ADY SHORtF^ISTANCE f3^M~CITY
would like 1 or 2 children to board -. good home ;
references given. Address CLARA M. SHELLY,
Redwood City, . p
YOU CAN FIND REFINED HOME IN AMER-
X ican family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye. . ■ - . ■- • ■■
OOD HOME FOR CHILDREN; TERMS
reasonable; best of reference. 1132 Shotwell.
IDDLE-AGED LADY" WOULD LIKE TWO
children to care for and send to school; rea-
sonable. Address 102 Hannah St.. Oakland. -
~ storks to let.
TntVcgrneiu^lkjcf!^
cheap rent. Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 1402
Valencia St., cor. of 25th. .>
ARKET-ST. STORE; • LOCATION "THE
best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LET. ~
E~H_EGAN^fITYT'URN^
able for professional man ; occupied ten years
by dentist. 860 Market, cor. Stockton, first floor.
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
X- building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montg. St.
PROPOSALS. "...
TvfoTIC^NOTICE^IS^^ERE^Y GIVEN
x\ that I will on THURSDAY, February 6, 1896,
at 2 o'clock P. xt.. at tbe Courthouse in Yuba City,
Sutter County, Cal., receive sealed proposals -for
the surrender of bonds issued on levee district No.
1 of Sutter County, according 10 an act of the
Legislature approved April 9, 1880, to the amount
of ten thousand ($10,000) dollars. No bids above
par will be accepted. All bonds must accompany
the bids. * .S v , L. J. COPE, '
* Treasurer Sutter County, Cal.
Yuba City, January 22, 189..
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. - ~~~"
A~~DVIcFFREi£I)jvOR^
"alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections,' wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
rp J. MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOITAT
x . law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
r W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW,429
• California st., nu. 14-16; advice free. .
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
PERSONALS. ':'"'•'
WANTED — A REFINED INI_a]LIGENT
'» woman, not over 35, strong and healthy;
steady position to the right party: no triflers. '< Ad-
dress box 44, Fish Rock, Mendocino County, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN OF MEANS WISHES TO
make the acquaintance of middle-aged lady:
object matrimony.^ 'Address M. M.. box 57, Call.
REFINED LADY WISHES '■ TO MEET AN
AY educated American gentleman of means: object
matrimony. Address M.8., b0x.38, this office. •
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A* SPE-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
HENRY" HUFSCHMIDT,/ PLUMBER 'AND
gasfitter; gas fixtures ' lowest price. ' 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471. >
Ij*;THEL— REMEMBER MME. PITZ' HaIR-
J dressing parlors; MR. LEDEKER has them
now; aresses your hair swell for only 25c; sells
elegant switches for 75c. - **•* * • MINNIE.
\\' OMAN'S DISPENSARY OF NEW YORK;
1 x all modern improvements in treating diseases:
an infallible remedy for irregularities; superfluous
hair removed without pain ;ladie.<i give us a call;con-
sultatlonfree;testimonials in office. 25 Murphy hldg
H- 0 "* 1^ OUT OF BUSINESS; NEW YORK
VJ Cloak and Suit House, 1210 Market St.; ladies'
suits from $1 50 and *2 50; cost *5 to $10: jackets,
50c; capes, *1 50.
Q EARCHING.LOCATING.SHADOWING.TRA-
•Qcing.coIIecting.GRAHAM^S
1 00 0 RUSINESS CARDS, $1 Ml :"> TELE-
xxjxjxj phone "Black 141." HILL.22 Geary, r. 39
fx EORGE- WH Y^DIDN'T YOU MEET
r*i ??ft^* 'V Hfta my taken, bust cabinets, at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny st., northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 50 per dozen, too. NELLIE.
UOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
A-» instant relief. ' For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st,
-[EGYPTIAN HENNA; "H; HAIR DYE; PER-
aj fectly harmless: easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.. agents, S. F.
r PK^ANTSEJECTED; COLECTIONS, ETC. A.
x HOOGS, room 317, 328 Montgomery st. .
TYEAFNESS— THE AURAPHONE RESTORES
XJ lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed free. F. F. FINLAY, 10 California st., S. F.
Ci] A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<•_*!- floor. 206 Leavenworth at.
ONE MORE CUT— V
Oak Roll Top Desks .....'>..... .'....514 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers....'. .....From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 60up
Oilcloths and Linoleums ..;..; ;.'..80c up
Stoves and Ranges ....$3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017, 1019. 1081, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021. 10:13 Mission st., above sixth.
MRS. M. H. OBER, -HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout Agues.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
]U<JK FINE POULTRY* AND GAME GO TO A
MJ STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
x and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars audress or apply 424
Pine at. _ -- *-f ■,
L 1 LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XX Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to S6per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 943 Market st.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1 1 66 Mission st,, near Eighth.
n LOAKS,' CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome at., upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
——_—-— ______
DRESSMAKERS.
STYLISH DRESSES MADE FROM $4 UP;
perfect fit guaranteed. 621 Geary st.
REUSES CUT AND FITTED, $3; DRESSES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL. -
MRS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 620 Sutter st. ; acner of vocal music (latest
Italian methods'!, piano and elocution: ladies and
gentlemen coached In operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
"U-NGLISH BRANCHES; PRIVATE OR CLASS;
LX all ages moderate. MISS DILLON.3OS Larkin.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 r. m.
Q TUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Pheian building. . -
Guitar, Mandolin, piano and ocal
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
OSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. - 82
O Ninth st. : ,
J. ENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
« tion will give private lessons in English
branches, bookkeeping, mathematics and sciences;
i alimrnia credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office. - . .
TH LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 326 Montgomery st.
i*<MELIE MELY'ILLE WILL RECEIVE A
x limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster St., cor, of Washington. - . ,
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
IJ tlllan and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week.
$3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room 37.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
Board, English, French, piano, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tional low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
I'NGLISH1 'NGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY I
X class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Rush st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1^ Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7tb and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanlcal engineering, surveying,. architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VT lOLIN, MANDOLIN. GUITAR, CORNET
T taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 226 Geary treasonable
OPaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMcisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
language- rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHTSCHOOL-.HKALD'MBLS. COLLEUE;24
lx Post: commercial, shorthand. English : low ra'e»
VTIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045"V_ Valencia.
HEMISTRY" AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
VJ ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
LJ Market : send for cat. ; day and evening session.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United IStates or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
age free. .----■ ' '** .
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
CLAIRVOYANT, PALMISTRY— PROFESSOR
) LEON, the wonder of the age, has no equal:
valuable advice love, business, speculation ; magic
charms. 683 Post St., 9to 8 daily; also Sunday.
ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
Ipast, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard.
MADAM PORTER, CARD-RE-DER; TELLS
the past, present and future ; ladles 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $150. 126
Turk st., near Jones.
LAIRVOYAN C EXTRAORDINARY—
Hundreds visit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC,
occult, scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Mason
hours 9 to 8; sittings 50c; satisfaction guaranteed.
BEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st.
TARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865i_ Market.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC RE VEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
E resent, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good* advice: sard
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr. Larkin.
AUGU ->TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. \ Twentieth.
ME. STEWART THE * CHILD MEDIUM;
great clairvoyant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned to
her old rooms 'In san Francisco ; ladies and gents '
60c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4. - -
■ SPIRITUALISM.. ~ "~
YPNOTISM OR : MESMERISM" TAUGHT—
Four (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those Interested In Its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nishing first-class reference or recommendations.'
Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRT CUM-
MINGS, Ph. G., box 121, Call Office. , :  . %
Tin HAVES-TO-NIGHT BENEFIT LADIES'
X.X.XJ Aid Society; psychic messages. ' J. CLEGG
WRIOHT; 10c. ■--.-.*■ ■ ~
EST. CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; -i IOC. MME.
YOUNG, 605 McAllister. st. ; sittings dally.
GYPSY PALMIST— SITTINGS DAILY. (SUN-
days included). 946 Mission street.
ETURNED, MRS. J. C.MEYER, TRANCE
business medium: cir. Mon., Fr. 2814 V. Sutter.
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance j medium. , £97 Ellis st.
MBS J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT.
trance medium : sittings $1. 1 218 Stockton st,
7'p/4'A- -zy./- ASTROLOGY.
FUTURE REVEALED: HOROSCOPE; 50C;
send 10c and' date of birth for your planet, etc
PROF. W. MONROE, 1139 Howard st. ; p. . y
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC. "*
JN~OUR^ N-R^SiTY*OU^viLTV?rVD
X several fine squares from $40 up; an upright at
$50: one at $75: an elegant large beautiful one at
$168 85: others at $190, $245, etc.; 100 new
pianos to select from. THE J. DEWING COM-
PANY', warerooms, second floor, Flood building.
""Targe L UFRIGHT OFFERED FOR «8» FOR
immediate sale. Boom 21, Flood buUdlng. *. *•*
AGNIFICENT CHICKERIO PIANO; ELE-
gantcase: cash or installments; owner leav-
Ing city; must be sold. Room 10, Flood building.
INE STEINWAY": NICE CONDITION- ANY
reasonable offer secures It. Room 21, 809 Mkt,
TT* INE NEW SQUARE PIANO FOR $75- COST
X $450; parties leaving town. 1209"/ 3 Howard.
EVERAL BARGAINS IN PIANOS TO-DAY
The Zeno Mauvais Music Company, 769 Market.
lANO GIVEN AWAY; ABSOLUTELY NO
charge. Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
HAINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush A Gerts' niano
A..L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post
CONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD 'AS NEW-
great sacrifice. The F. VA SPENCER COM-
ANY, 338 Post SL " ________'
d_l I A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT; GOOD
<USXXU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO
16 McAllister st. ■ -
"VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO. ORGAN, FOLDING
1> bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS^- : --. -. ' .-...,... .
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. 735 Market st.
BICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos; see our new piano for $187 ; pianos
for rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <fe SON. 16 O'Farrell.
REAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st.
M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
rell, room 1. first floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or Installments.
OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have ii exnlalned. SHERMAN, clay _ CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts. -
ffilrTr CASH' OR INSTALDMENTS; WEBER
«3I)X X O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS ;*LOW PRICES, KOHLER A
CHASE. -* '' ■ - -
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD & NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
QTEINWAY', $215: WEBER, $265; SOMER,
fO $237; Wily,* "T25; squares, $36 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st. ■ . . .-. ■
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth at.
OPEN FOB - BUSINESS. . ~~~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
■--■ 929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
~~~~ HORSES. — — —
F~*OR~SAxi£uHrCAT-T~^^^
SH horse. -■ 1687 14 Turk st.
1|"OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— A FINE ROAD-
! ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
604 Sutter st. » .
1 "--A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
-I»JU ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and"
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed ; send for circular. . The Hyde
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY' SUR-
fc-eon for S. F. Police Department, Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS
A\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hon*
Market, 3.7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wen
day. SULLIVAN" A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"1 AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
XUU kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, cart.:
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Y'alencia st*.
.FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
OR SALE— 6 FLIGHTS OF STAIRS;
risers; 12-inch tread; -walnut rail; cedar newel
posts: to be removed. Apply 220-226 Bush st.
ORSALE— FINE WALNUT HEAVY - PLATE
X glass showcases, tables and side cases. Apply
118 Sutter
HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY
XX furnished: near City Hall; must sell. N. A
box 30, Call Office.
ILLIARDAN DPOOiTT ABLE ; A BARGAIN
X> Fifteenth aye. and San Bruno road. H.
SCHUUR. '
ELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
wAA SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
OXJxJ and prices from 25c per yard uo. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
BUY' YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. . CALIFOR-
I.v RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture; call and get our prices: costs nothing.
S'nset Raitan Company, 104 O'FarreU st., near
Stockton.
AROUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
L* I R E~ AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER*
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
MEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN. SECOND-
Ii hand. W. & RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold 1121% Market beL 7thandBt_
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
~* WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. ~~
A'~^B^SSMEN ; FIRoTICE^GOO^So^
ing Company. . Location of principal place of
business, Ban Francisco, Cal.— Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the directors held on
December 28. 1895, an assessment to be known as
assessment No. 4, of seventy (70) cents per share,
was levied upon the capital stock of the corpor-
tlon, payable Immediately to the treasurer of the
company at the company's office, rooms 1 and 2,
tenth floor. Mills building, northeast corner Bush
ami Montgomery streets. City and County of San
Francisco, State of California. Any stock upon
which said assessment shall remain unpaid on the
30th day of January, 1896, will be delinquent and
advertised for sale at public auction, and, unless
payment Is made before, will be sold on the 20th
day of February, 1896, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale, C. H. HOLBROOK JR.,
Secretary Good Hope Mining Company,
Office— Rooms 1 and 2, tenth floor, Mills Build-
ing, San Francisco, Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
. Valley Railway Company. Location, of prin-
cipal place of business. City and Cauntv of San
Francisco, state of California. . ; ..
Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No 4
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895. the
several amounts set opposito the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows: ■
No. No. ;T, ? V
. '_ *"' - : "'-. -*."■* Cer. Sh'rs. Amt.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel ■ Meyer,
James . D..* Pheian, "• Lovell :
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Browu, F. W.
Van Slckren, Christian . de
Guigne.trustees.;..... ....405 1 110
A. B. Spreckels. Daniel Mever, "*■
James D. Fhelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. -44 r
Van - Sicklen, Christian de ' - -** ,
trustees..... 445 2, 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian, ■ Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James ■*"***■
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
Van Sicklen, Christian de .
Guigne.trustees... 608 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James - D. Pheian, | Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F.W.
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne.trustees '686- 1 10
A. B. . Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian, Lovell
White, O D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
Van * Sicklen, 1 Christian de
, Gnigne, tru5tee5.. ............... 608 1 10
And In accordance with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares of each parcel of such
stock as may be necessary will- be sold at; public
auction at the office of . said company, No. 321
Market St., In the City, and County of. San Fran-
cisco,' State of California, on . the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1896, at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said, day to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. .*••-, , : ■*"
■'-■■;. -'_-• ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. 7 -
Office, No. 321 Market st., San Francisco.
POSTPONEMENT. 7
By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration made-^and entered upon * the records
thereof upon the 21st day of January, 1896, the
date of the delinquency of said assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1890, and
the date of sale of • such delinquent stock was post-
poned until the 1 10 th day of February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day. * ■
- - ALEXANDER MAOKIE. Secretary
_^^ ,r" :BTOBAG_ ,--.. :•■-.
STOR AGE OF FURNITURE. PlANOs7hoU^_>
told goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 736 Market st.
ILSON • - BROTHERS. - 1710 ' MARKET-
Storage: low rates; - telephone South 762. -« . i
BUILDING ANO LOAN association.
61mNENT_7_r_ruiL^ING7A^
j sociatlon— Home office, 222 Sansome st., S. F,'
General savings 4: loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pre*.:
Oliver Eldridge V.Pr.; W 1 Corbin. Sec.&Gen.Maa
. .-.' "■ - BICYCLES.
WINDSOR BICYCLEsTTsT^ICTLY HIGH
• grade; mo stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years, a. L. BAN-
CROFT <fc CO., 324 Post St., S. F. ,*. ■  , ,-,,. s , ,
P"" ARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best , accommodations. Terminus . Geary, Me-
AHUter and Powell at. car lines.
_7-_ ; ;■__; CITY KEAL ■ ESTATE. ,; - - ■
17I1VE MINUTES FROM THE BALDWIN. ;
■ '-■<■• FINE MODERN RESIDENCE. - - •"-" * "
NORTH SIDE, O'FARRELL ST., NR." GOUGH.
*©1 fkx fflAA—HM HANDSOME I DOWNTOWN
tJpLO.UUU; residence of 11 rooms, bath, etc. ;
handsomely decorated; modern and elegant in.
every, detail: the salon parlors, music-room, large
dining-room, finished in natural oak: reception
halls and finished ballroom. in basement make
this ■ residence specially I adapted for social func-
tions; furnace heat throughout; 3 years old: lot
30x120 through to Myrtle aye.; at price offered
this is a special bargain ; family departing for
Europe only cause for selling at this sacrifice;
property cost present owner over $25,000. Fur-
ther particulars at office. '-,..
- : * -■■ ;- EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., .
•>'"■'• *--■■* • ... 638 Market st.
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE.-: ~
NW. COR. FELL AND LOTT STS.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
qrjTO wAA * A HANDSOME HOUSE OF 11
XXJ.OxJxJ . rooms and bath: strictly modern;
complete in all details; also stable: lot 31:3x125,
with L 25x75; this 13 an unexcelled opportunity to
secure a fine home at a sacrifice. Apply at the
office for permit to inspect. ■ ■■■*- .-■'■' ." ■: -.
- EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ ■..■,.■■*■-■--■ » . 638 Market st.
MISSION HOME.
_OTH ST., NR. GUERRERO.
IN THE WARM BELT.
•Bt^Pifin HANDSOME RESIDENOE OF 8
-©_»_»UU. rooms and bath; in good condition ;
lot 25x114; this is a fine home; handy to several
car lines. .- .-"**• .. .*/ -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
THREE FLATS. •
ALWAYS RENTED.
PAYS $660 PER ANNUM.
REDUCED TO $6000; 3 MODERN FLATS OF
5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; substantially built:
only 4 years old: on Noe St., 2 blocks north of
Market; lot 26x96: this property cost over $8500.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ - ■ .■■■-■..■».„- 638 Market st.
ELEGANT FLATS.
NEARLY NEW. . - ...... _pp;y.
GROVE ST., NR.VAN NESS AYE.
<Bil Q AAA 3 MODERN FLATS OF 6. 7
tJP_._).UUU. and 7 rooms and bath; on north
side of street: substantially built and always
rented; pays 30 per cent per "annum.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 Market st.
SAFE TO BUY.
:.'..■■ BARGAINS IN LOTS.
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
qi»7AAA JUST THE PLACE FOR STORE
«U) I UUU. and flats: an elegant corner on O'Far-
reU st., near Webster; 90 feet on
O'Farrell. '/A-A'-fAPPPA-'iA;
4_/(f\nfk'"NW. CORNER OF CHURCH AND
<©-±_»UU. Army sts.; 88x80. This is a business
property. fy-'-T'-" 1
a_QAAA TWENTY-FIFTH ST., NEAR NOE,
tJpOUUU. north side of street; 80x114; will sub-
divide. ■-■ ■- Vyp
•JiO^nrt JACKSON ST.. NEAR SFRUCE;
*JP_-_»UU. 26x127 :8V_; beautiful marine view.
ffl* "l 07 R SACRAMENTO ST., NR. MAPLE;
■©XO I _». 27:6x132. Compare this price with
adjoining property.
__ IOH FOUR CHOICE LOTS ON TWENTY-
«iP X-iUU. ninth aye.; nicely situated, "Rich-
' ;, mond." *
fI*»7KA FIFTEENTH ST., KB. CASTRO;
■yp • OxJ. only 2 blocks north of Market. •-..--•
O_QAA. TWENTY-SEVENTH AYE., NORTH
tlpOUU.of Point Lobos aye.; 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
____^__ 638 Market st.
THE CHEAPEST LOTS
in this city are those in the Castro-st. Addition.
PRICES $360 TO $450.
All the streets. are graded, sewered and macadam-
ized: water piped to every lot; ontheline of an
electric road; title perfect.
TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
Special Inducements to all parties who will buy a
lot before February 1 and who will build a cottage
before April 1. Call for a diagram. >
BALDWIN A Hammond,  ;-",- . "*
' _;_ 10 Montgomery st.
HAVE YOU SEEN '•
the new blocks we are offering In subdivisions:
10th aye.; 11th aye.; Mst.; Nst.; south of the
park; price $275; terms $25 cash, $10 monthly;
good buy. ;~ - -= J,-:
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
ARE BARGAIN.— ■■■ ;
A thorough home; 6 large rooms, bath, laundry
and stable; 2-story; bay-windows; nearly new:
built by day for owner's use; sickness cause of
sale; lot 25x120: Fifth aye., near Point Lobos
aye. : price $3800.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE.
BOVEE, TOY A CO., 19 Montgomery st.
COME AND SEE ~~ ~
GOOD LEV EL LOTS,
25x100 to 120,
IN BERKELEY.
ONLY" $200 EACH. ONLY $1 WEEKLY.
BRIGHT PROSPECTS.
GOOD VIEWS, SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
Free maps; free ride to property. ; s
OH.AS._A. BAILEY, 46 Market St.
Qt AA A HOUSE; 9 ROOMS; CORNER: 41x
«_**OUUU. 88; Western Addition; easy terms.
Address Reverses, box 49, Call Office.
ROPERTY WANTED FOR CASH — RESl-
dence bet. Pierce, Devisadero, Pine and Clay
sts.; price $8000 to $10,000. .Address P.. O box
2240. ■;.. .".
J> lO' IF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT IS
*4PX_-«J worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title Insurance;- see owner at once.
9 Powell st., room 3. . ,
dj»"l WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
<©!- $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. • :
$175— 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner, 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100; $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
Station, Berkeley. ' ■ 4. .
O BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
tate and* business of every description. " A. J.
PROPER A CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
MEW COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS, BATH, LA UN-
Ii dry, etc.; excellent neighborhood;' easiest
terms. 202 Powell st. . ; .
1" TO R SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
. Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable . offer refused. . Apply
28y Zoe st., city. ... .
3 FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, manteis.etc, built for $3200; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS AHA V", 1149 Mission
-SS--3 . 1 ' 11 iii
•MONEY -TO LOAN.
PER C NT ON FUBNITUE E ; WITHOUT RE-
moval; 6 per cent on real estate. TRAY'EKS,
632 Market St., room 6.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate tn pro-
bate. . McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
IxX ranis. SALOMON <fc CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party ; low interest: strictly private. 215 Powell.
ONEY Loaned on jewelry and
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Market8t.._r. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US* ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; -no delays; no commis-
sions; low Interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68. Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market st.
IST A2D _ MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E&-
tates;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt,
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest: perfect secrecy ;• private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant avenue
MONEY' TOLOAN ON MORTGAGES OR Col-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgy;st,
MONEY LOANED, 6L_ PER CENT ON
gages. j A. F. JOHNS <fe CO., 632 Market st. .
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval ln the city and | Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
OANS— AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
city or country; furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. :• Room 88. Chronicle building. ■ 1
"DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
.•CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ■ V: . ';•' ■:-■■,-.;--.' . •.-* -,
. : ■ ..... PAWNBROKERS. 7.
A" y '' j go r j__A My" ST^O'OM^O^ONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : prl-
vale rooms; elevator: pledges for sale cheap. 1 1
DENTISTS.
anted-partnerT^^v^
flea; no smoker. DR. HARDCASTLE, 628
Montgomery st. . ;-.' ■' -.* .r> - *.*-- :'-.'■'■
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved : bridge work lor i teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
P~ Tain less . EXTRACTION. -60c;.-. CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates,- $5 up; 13 years'
experience. ■ B. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 816% Geary.
-i'""|B. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY" — BRIDGE-
- AJ, work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. - .
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS.
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. '- 103 Geary st*., cor. Grant aye. ;*.
DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas ■ specialists ; > only reli-
able agent for painless * extraction: artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1 : extracting 60c, with gas $1.
d_ 7 A SET; FOB .TEETH: WARRANTED A3
•4) I 1 good as can bo made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.; next Baldwin Theater. i- ,
B. LUDLUM HlLii, 14.3 5 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given. *
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAIL-"
' ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. -p:
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR; GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL- WORK REASONABLE $ AND .VfASr
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
;■-■•-.-« - ... .^ .... ......... -. .... .;..,; -
". ■>-'-'■■ COUNTRY KEAL. ESTATE. "
1 (if) ACRES :OF i THE RICHEST -LEVEL
X X.JXJ bottom land in the State; near two railroad
stations; between Stockton and Sacramento; will'
grow all cereals and also well adapted to fruit of
almost every variety; fairly good improvements:
offered at about halt its value; owner a non-resi-
dent; would exchange for Improved city property.
Apply A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market. ..-...'
SHURST COLONY. ■ - T .
At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better.than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes In
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish .at . once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility for a • grand devel-
opment. We make It possible for all who are en-
terprising thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort aud abundance. Address
... ...■-, ASHURST COLONY, .
_ Room 10, Mills Building. S. F. ;
TjVDWIN K. ALSIP A CO., < ~ '"" ~
'••'•• / - AzZ: y . .
Real Estate Dealers.
' Country Real Estate a Specialty.-
"FOR $5500-A GENTLEMAN'S HOME OF 20
-l acres; good house of a rooms, barn, chicken-
house: 12 acres in fruit; 6 acres in vineyard; 1 .
mile from Sebastopol ; this is a very nice piece of
property and wants to be seen to be appreciated;
terms very reasonable and a smsl*. payment down
will purchase it and ample time on balance.
VERY LITTLE CASH REQUIRED AS FIRST
payment; 20 acres near Merced, with 7 acres
in fruit, 7 acres- in vineyard and balance alfalfa
land; all under Irrigation; good 8-room house,
barn, chicken-house, etc.; fine well of water; good
location; price $4000.
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP: WELL LOCATED
piece of business property that pays 5 per cent
net on $90,000; will be exchanged In part for a
$40,000 desirable ranch, balance remaining on a
mortgage. ■ <
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
9 Rotunda, Mills building, San Francisco. ' '
*3U ()(,(} KEDCCEdTfrOM $2000; ABOVE
XxjxJV.l. Sacramento: 40 acres all Al level
land ; fenced, ploughed and under water-ditch; a few
large oaks: excellent . surroundings. LEE <fc
KISER, 306 Montgomery st. '
-8199^0 10 ACRES, 2"V_ MILES FROM
•4P_-^._»U. Petaluma. V 4 mile from depot; Al
level Nnd; new 4-ropra cottage: barn; assorted
fruit trees: $500, balance on time. LEE A
Kl--EI-, 306 Montgomery st. - • . . * .
A'lM 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES UN 10
zr years' credit. P. H. TWING. Sonoma City , Cai.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
-toe-ton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The. property 'is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and | medals . at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration * cares for the orange groves for non- I -
residents. ft*. • -* ,
A high and.dry country, with a perfect natural 1
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters. r 4
Prices for land. including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land wltn fully paid up water rights. $70
peracre. Terms: The purchase price payable In
six annual payments, without Interest; -. title i per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particular-, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.. ,-
-638 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
■ Oakdale, CsL
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. '*■-■>
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THK
-**- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL .ESTATE.
•s^^oll CASH- A CHANCE SELDOM OF-
xB)OO\J\J fered: reduced from $5000: a tine
home containing 7 rooms, laundry and bath: lot
40 feet front; fine location; only 5 minutes' walk
to narrow-gauge - depot; call and Investigate.
GEO. B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
*& IOH LOTS AT FRUITVALE * STATION:
xjpx. \J\J. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
$» Oik MONTHLY FOR 6-ROOM OuTTAUE.--
<*P-^V plans free. F. BOEOLE. Golden Gate stain."
I|lkA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
xiTXxJxj. Fruitvale: electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 60-' Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM I.D A REAL > STAT]".
aM]3?ifr~iiotj!.^^
tip "_: OxJ \J. near narrow-gauge station: street Im-
proved; northwest corner; former price $6000.
$1000; lot' 60x200; street improved; former
price $1500.
T. F. BAIRD, Real Estate and Insurance, 1303
Park st., Alameda. ■'-.:,*/.,
<E»99f10 ss ° <"ASH, $22 60 MONTHLY: 5
——XJXJ. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage. ---'-• •• - - -
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000— 560 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; '6
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage. -
$3250— 5200 cash. 530 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; -6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, = $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAKCUSE «fc KE.MMEL, Bay-st,. station, Ala-
meda, and 6_B Market St., San Francisco. i
ffl»"1 Aft -DOWN - ELEGANT" NEW 6-ROOM
<ID-i- xJxJ modern cottage In center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st., Alameda. ■ 'TPzPP
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL - "ESTATE.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS. *
19,000 acres In subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
32 East Santa Clara st., San Jose. CaL
J 7 : MONEY WANTED.
GILT-EDGE LOAN. ■"
$20,000 wanted on first-class country prop-
erty with good income; first mortgage.
Address G. T. E., box 44, Call Office.
FINANCIAL. ...
life insurance policies: low rate of interest;
life insurance policies: low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. . 330 Montgomery St. ■
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or . real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; oosn
evenings. - J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission su
PHYSICIANS. ~~~~
DR.A.DE LTJCIS.PHYSICN-taURUEON.ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XV Market st.: disease, of women a specialty.
DIVOKCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed: * "
Lulu Johnston against J. Leonard Johnston.
Divorces granted: ."..--*■
Sarah Rush from * John * Rush, for extreme
cruelty; by Judge Murphy. '. Plain allowed to
resume her maiden name of Sarah Vanstone.
* Ella M. Neustead from Henry F. J. C. Neustead,
for willful neglect; by Judge Hebbard. '
"BIRTHS— MARRIAtIES— M-ATia
•':*■■- . . .BORN. -■-. ! -/;,-. 77.7}.
GRIFFITH-January 17, 1896. to the wife of
John L. Griffith, a daughter.
KRUG— Tn this city, January 26, 1896, to the wife
:of . P.J . Krug, a son. .
THOMAS— January 16, 1896, to the wife of F.
Thomas, a daughter.
; . D1ED. ....".,,'. .~~ _ ~7
. Blakely, Mary 7 Hedberg, Hilda M. ; "
* Buchanan, Bertha A. Keyer, John '
-. Boiilmann, Johann - »- .Lynch, Margaret
' Carpaneto, Louis Lynch, Thomas-. ■..-■■■ ,
';. Dean, Lilly -• . Lundberg. Tekla " <'
Dougherty, Martin * Marks, Abe C.
- Engwer, William A. '" - Mathews, Capt. Charles
Fraser. Harriet E. :■.. . Perry, John R. - -
Fury, Ellen -  Rahlll, .Andrew
' Goldstone, Mildred P. Schaffield, John T. , 7. * >
Gray, John T. , Spannhacke, Anion '* "
Hainque, Merov c ' . Wheeler, Simeon
■ ' Williamson, Mamie -*-*-yyp.
BLAKELY'— In Oakland/January 27, 1896, Mary
' beloved wife of Edward - Blakelv, and ' mother of
Alfred, Walter, Mary and Jennie Blakely. •■"*• ■ .<
gar Friends and .- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), o'clock r. v., from her late
• residence, 556 Third street, near Clay, Oakland. •
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.* *
BOHLMANN— In this city, .' January? 27, 1898,
Johann, beloved son of Johann and Marie Boiil-
mann, brother .of Henry.* Hermann, Albert.
Anna and Elizabeth Bbhimaan, and. nephew of
Hermann and Ellen Boiilmann and Hermann
Meyer, a native of Bremen, Germany, aged '_'*
years. ■'■■ ■i. z;, :':■-...;■ '■■'.? >.
■■■■93* Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
I (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. jr., from the resi-
-1 dence of his brother. 121 Silver street, between
Third and Fo urtli. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. .
BUCHANAN— In Santa Cruz, January 19. Bertha
Agnes, only child of William and Elizabeth
Buchanan, aged -__ years. . .
CARPANETO— In this city. January 27, 1898,
Louis, beloved husband of Maura (arpancto. and
father of Mrs. H. Rivers and Mrs. W. Mead. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 65 years.
flf_-The fnneral wilftake place TOMORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 501 Octavia street.
DEAN— In this city, January 27, 1896, Lilly Dean,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. January 25, 1896,
Martin Dougherty, husband of the late Catherine
• Dougherty, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. . .
~"_-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:16 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter A Co.. 1.2 Eddy street.
thence to St. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twentv-flfth.
- where a requiem- high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. xi. Interment: Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENGWER— this city, January 26, 1896. Wi11iam
A., beloved husband of Mathilda Engwer, and
father of William. Bertha. Charles, Edward, Til-
lie. Emily and Arthur Engwer, a native of Po-
land, aged 61 years 1 month and 5 days.
£s"*Frlend3 and acquaintances * are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 ; o'clock p. xs.. from his late
residence. 820 Lombard street. Interment I: O."
O. F. Cemetery.
FRASER— this city, January 27, 1896, Harriet
Emma, beloved wife of Dr. E. J. Fraser, and
mother of Edwin W. and Emma Fraser, a native
of Ohio, aged 69 years and 9 months. - * -'
FURY— In this city, January 27, 1896, Ellen
Fury, beloved aunt of Joseph, Daniel. Patrick
and James Boland, a native of Kings County,
Ireland, aged 53 years. - -
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, near Fourth.
GOLDSTONE— In this city, January 27, 1896. Mil-
dred Phyllis, beloved and only daughter of M. A.
and Lulu J. Goldstone, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 6 days.
&3rFnneral private. •
GRAY— In Alameda, January 27, 1896. John T.,
beloved husband of Margaret A. Gray, a native
of Manchester, England, aged 62 years and 7
months.
.-JSTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HAINQUE— In this city, January 26, 1896. Merc-
vie Hainque. beloved husband of Rosalie, and
brother of the late Martial, and uncle of Martial,
Victorine, Adelaide and Arthur Hainque and
Mrs. F. C. Bangs, a native of France, aged 64
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his nieces, 20 Clinton Park, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, thence to
Notre Dame dcs Victoires (French) Church,
Bush street, for services at 2 o'clock p. m.
HEDBERG— In this city, January 27, 1896,
Hilda Maria, beloved daughter of A. R. Hedberg,
and sister of Augusta. Jennie, Annie. Emma,
Eva, Charlie and Juanlta Hedberg, a nativeof
Muskegon, Michigan, aged 12 years 8 months
and 24 days.
KS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. x., from the resi-
dence of her father, 2216 Filbert street, between
Fillmore _ and Steiner. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
KEYER— In this city, January 26, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Sallie Keyer, and father of
George. Charley and Esther Keyer. a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 60 years.
JBS*rNotice of funeral hereafter.
LUNDBERG— In this city, January 26, 1896,
Tekla, beloved wife of Charles Lundberg, and
• sister-in-law of Blanda Lundberg, a native of
Sweden , aged '26 years 7 months and 26 days.
A3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), ac 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 706 Hampshire street;, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, January 25, 1896, Margaret ,
dearly beloved mother of P. A. and J. J. Lynch
and Mrs. J. Htutz, a native of Limerick, Ireland,
aged 65 years. *-■■ — *'- .
/"--"■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 2211 Taylor street, thence to St. Fran-
. els Church, corner Vallejo street and Montgom-
ery avenue, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of hersouL Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. January 27, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Lynch, and
father of Thomas and John J. Lynch, Mrs. F. E.
Andrews and Mrs. G. Ullius, a native of County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 69 years and 6
months.
ay-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the
residence of his son, Thomas Lynch, 7V 3 McLea
court, off Ninth street, between Harrison and
Bryant, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
services will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARKS— this city, January 27, 1895, Abe C,
. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Harris Marks, and
brother of . Mrs. G. Greenfield and Louis. Jacob,
Daniel and Meyer Marks, a native of Chicago,
111., aged 26 years.
MATHEWS— In this city, January 25, 1896. Cap,
tain Charles Mathews, brother of Sophie
Mathews, a native of Sweden, aged 54 yean. .
aS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 -o'clock p. _t., from Memorial
Hall, 1.0.0. F. buildiug. Funeral under the
auspices of Aboa -Ben Adhem Lodge No. li-
and Unity Encampment- No. 26, 1.0.0. F.
Inierment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
PERRY— In this city, January 26. 1896. John
Rogers Perry, a native of Keene, N. H., aged 66
years 8 months and 22 days.
$STFrlends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
p. m., from the parlors of the Golden Gate Un-
. dertaking Company, 2429 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ''■••-
RAH ILL— In this city, January 27, 1896, Andrew,
dearly beloved husband of Ann Rahlll, a native
of the parish of Larah, County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 45 years. ' ■ . •
. 49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 1134 Stevenson street, between Her.
. maim and . Ridley, near Valencia, thence to St.
Joseph's ' Church, corner • Tenth and Howard
. streets, where a* solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
- ing at 9. o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Y. M. C. U.— Officers and members of Leo Assem-
bly No. 4, Y. M. C. U., are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral ot our late brother, Andrew
Rahlll, TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock a. m., from hlslate residence, 1143 Stev-
enson street, near Thirteenth. Fines for non-
attendance. .. P. MOLLOY, President.
J. J. Gleason*, Bee. Sec. ,'
SCHAFFIELD— In this city, January 26, ' 1898,
j John Theodore, beloved son of William A. and
Mary E. Schaffield : and brother of Willie, Agnes,
Bernie, May, Annie and Relne sohaffield and
Mrs. Louis Gomo, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years 8 months and 1 day. A member of
Company I, League of the Cross Cadets of St.
Peter's Church. (Cleveland and Elyria (Ohio)
papers please copy.]
-JSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
• dence of his parents, 1818 Florida street, be-
. tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, .thence to
St. Peter's Church, Alabama street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, where 'a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock
a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by 11: 15
o'clock a. m. train from Twenty-sixth and
Valencia streets.
SPANNHACKE— In this city, January 27, 1896,
Anton, beloved husband of Maria* A. Spann-
hacke, and father of Lizzie, Katie and Conrad
Spannhacke, a native of Hanover, Germany,
| aged 66 years 7 months and 18 days.
■ ' USB" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. xt., from the par-
, lors of McAvoy A Gallagher,' 20, Fifth street,
* thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
. avenue, for services. Interment Holy cross Cem-
etery by 11:45 o'clock a. *_. train from Third and
Townsend streets." ,\
WHEELER— In ■ this city, January 27. 1896,
Simeon, beloved husband of Mary J. Wheeler,
a native of Shaftsbury, Bennington" County, Vt.,
aged 74 years. *■ ■ -
WILLIAMSON— In this city, January 26, 1896,
Mamie, beloved wife of John S. Williamson, a
native of California, aged 32 years.
4-TFriends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. ii., from her late resi-
dence, .81' Stevenson street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
| ';■ * UNITED UNDERTAKERS' |
* EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
.T ' -. at Reasonable Rates. - "
I Telephone 3167. - 27 and i 29 Fifth street.
,*"*"' ' ""— ' " ■"■■■■i tm
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I"
FUNERAL DIEECTOES & EMBALM
80 Filth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
• ___^_ ; '-■* Telephone 8080. ~ ,;*f . V
—__—!'—! —l— _ _____ _!^ «L*
Jas. McMrsoini-fT" - Chas. McMenoxit.
JAMES: McMENOMEY * SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND E3IBALMEKS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
- --■ ■ Telephone No. 3354.
******m********~****mmm^mmmmimmMmmmmmm3
JAS. * ENGLISH. ' - I 7 '•■"-• : 1. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
, UNDERTAKERS * AND . EMBALMEHS, •'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, V ■•
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Franclico
Telephone So., 156.*' •: .-*• ' ,- ■■ ..■■-■■-■-
-; CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY;
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIANj
laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual care; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see It before
touring a burial place elsewhere. - -.•-•'• ■'■
■ r City Oflice, V City Hail Arenas* ■
1516
JUBILANT OVER
MEN'S DISMAY
Bachelor Maids of Alameda
Talk About the Leap
Year Conflict.
TO FIGHT IT OUT NOW.
The Opportunities of This . Year
Will Not Be Known Again
Until 1904.
AN ALLIANCE WITH OAKLAND.
One of the Young Women Points Out
a Diplomatic Course Which May
End the Trouble.
There is no material change in the leap
year situation across the bay, and the de- j
lay of arbitration or settlement is regarded I
City Marshal Rogers, E. A. Young and Judge St. Sure of the Alameda Organiza
tion for the Resistance of Cupid's Advances.
as serious in the light of the facts that
nearly one month of 1896 has passed, and
there will not be another leap year this
century.
As is well understood by the ladies, the
year 1900 will not be a leap year, for, al
though 1900 is divisible by 4 it is not di
visible by 400, and so even the social '-four
hundred" could not induce the calendar
men to add an extra day to another Feb
ruary before 1904.
And, with eight years to wait for a re
turn of the privileges, the young ladies of
Alameda do not intend to abandon in any
degree the principles for which they have
organized.
The bachelor maids are taking consid
erable quiet satisfaction from the troubled
state into which their new organization has
evidently thrown the lords of creation.
The Alameda girl is spirited and knows
whereof she speaks and acts, and she is
not going to sit idly by and allow the leap
year chances to be nullified before they
have well begun. She fully understands,
being up-to-date and thoroughly posted,
that another leap year does not come
around till 1904, and eight years is a cycle
that even an Alameda girl has respect for
and forestalls to the extent that she may.
The Alameda Bachelors' Club is not
flourishing so aggressively as it was. There
was to be a conspicuous badge of mem
bership with the motto, "We are our own
sovereigns," but on Sunday a hasty
change was made in this part of the pro
gramme and now it is decided to have a
password and a grip instead. The pass
word that was at first proposed -was
"Bloomers," to be spoken derisively; but
some other word . may now be decided
upon, as that password has become public.
Greater secrecy will now be preserved in
the meetings of the bachelors' organiza
tion, for it is held that the trouble has
been brought on by The Call publishing
reports of proceedings which were not sup
posed to be known to others than mem
bers.
The Call representative interviewed a
number of the prominent members of the
Young Ladies' League yesterday.
"The ideal" remarked one who in
structs the young idea which way to grow.
"To think the men should be so egotisti
cal as to think we are all dying to marry
them ! They can smirk aronnd us all the
time for three years and never make a
sign in earnest, b_t they seem to think
are so irresistible that we will haul
them into matrimony by the hair of the
head, once we have the right of the leap
KEW TO-DAT.*
DISTRESSING
pX^DISEASES
>?t£jr a\ OP THE
k\%skin
Yp\/, V*\ Instantly
/ 1 l\ Re,ieved
Speedily
ji,. Iv^W Cured by
(yticura
Bpeedt Cube Treatment.—
Warm baths with Coticura Soap, gentle appli-
cations of Ccticura (ointment*, and mild doses
•of Coticdra Resolvent (the new blood purifier) •
Sold thronjrhout the -world. BritUh d.not: V. Vrw.
r.Ear a Sons, I, King Edward-.!., J.ondon. Porraa
_>_•,(*■ _C___*.Cosr., Sole Psogi., Boston, U.S. A
year custom. Well, they'll find them
selves mistaken. And we'll have no more
nonsense, either. When they come around
playing fine and making their best bows,
we are going to know whether they mean
business. If they do not, they must keep
their distance."
Another bachelor maid, who has more
leisure to devote to the social whirl, and
who is conspicuous at all the functions,
sniffed with fine scorn when she read
about the bachelor club. " They may
think they are smart, but I think they are
as mean as they can be," she said. "Not
that it makes the least difference to me.
Oh.no! But I don't want them to think
they are indispensable. They are on such
good terms with themselves that it makes
me fatigued. The idea of forming a club
and resolving not to get married! There
ain't one of them worth marrying! So
there!"
A young lady who is surrounded with
beaux whenever she appears at a function
gave her views. "The bachelors of Ala
meda probably are bachelors because they
can't help themselves. To think of their
pretending that we are making concerted
designs on them! For my part I don't
know any of them who are worth bother
ing about. The men of Oakland are much
superior. They know how to act. They
never seem to be bothered over the ques-
tion as to what they shall say, or how they
shall wear their hair, and they are real
nice. Igo to Oakland a great deal more
to parties than Alameda."
A maid who goes in for yachting, tennis
and the wheel made merry over the men
bachelors who have entered into stipula
tions to preserve their single blessedness.
"The poor dears," she said, with very evi
dent sarcasm, "they shall not be whisked
off into matrimony, even if it is leap year.
They are perfectly safe. Their defense
lessness would appeal to any chivalrous
girl. When I marry I want a great,
hearty man, and not a little starveling
who is afraid of an old, ridiculous tradi
tion like that of leap year. The bachelors'
club! Bah! Is my hat on straight?"
And so the controversy waxes, and the
trouble seems to be growing deeper and
more serious.
The young ladies have the sentiment of
the moralists on their side, but the moral
ists go too far to please them, insisting
that the girls should- never permit a man
to kiss them before becoming matrimoni
ally engaged the Alameda maids
apply the rule only to leap year.
FOUR DISINHERITED SONS
One Contests His Mother's Will
and the Others May
7 Follow.
Mrs. Jane Duff's Distribution of Her
Property Does Not Meet
With Favor.
James Duff, an incompetent, has filed a
contest of the will of his mother, Jane
Duff, who died January 7, 1895, leaving an
estate valued at $35,000.
By the terms of the will the. contestant
was bequeated $5000 to be invested for him
so that he should have the Income from it
during his life. To Mary Marcella Pfeiffer,
the testatrix's daughter, was left $25,000, and
the contestant claims she is entitled to
only one-fifth' of the estate in common
with himself and his three brothers.
The grounds for contest are irregularities
in the construction of the will, that the
testatrix was not of sound or disposing
mind, and that she was under the influ
ence of Mary Marcella Pfeiffer.
; There were three other sons, but none of
them succeeded to any part' of the estate.
There had been various quarrels between
them and the remainder of the family, and
so they were left $10 each as a reminder
that the estate was not for them.
At the bottom of the whole trouble, the
contestant avers, is Antone Pfeiffer, hus
band of the lucky daughter. He it was,
says the document of contest, that con
vinced the testatrix that her sons were
profligates and not deserving of considera
tion. In addition one of the sons had
married against his mother's wishes. It
is probable that the three other sons will
join in the contest.
THE EAILEOAD CASE.
Copies of the Southern Pacific's Reply
Affidavit Must Be Served by Monday.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald '. is playing
all the strategy of law against the South
ern Pacific in defending the Railroad
Commission against the company's in
junction suit. *. j -AT.:
Yesterday he went before United States
I Circuit Judge McKenna and asked that
the company be ordered to serve copies,
either before or : on next Monday; of its
reply affidavit to the La Rue affidavit,
which embraced the Pacific Commission's
report. The Judge made the order as re
quested.
The - case will not be resumed before
Judge McKenna on Monday as intended.
Instead it has been put off until February
*>, to give more time to the attorneys for
both sides. :
A Chinese: Desertion.
Fong Fook Shaug is * suing for a divorce from
Fong Suey Gee. sometimes known as Suey Gee,
for desertion. They, were married : some • years
ago, he says, and about :a • year and a half ago
his wile went back to China and he has not
heard from her since. - * '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1896.
TO LICENSE THE
GAMBLING DENS
Supervisor King Wants the
Poolrooms Legal
ized.
NEW ORDER SUBMITTED.
It Provides for the Payment of
Five Hundred Dollars a
Quarter.
TAXING THE ASSOCIATIONS
Supervisor Dimond ' Denounces the
Attempt as a Blow at a Large
State Interest.
Supervisor King wants San Francisco to
license gambling.
At the meeting of the Board of Super
visors yesterday he championed the cause
of the poolrooms. He introduced an
order providing for their licensing. It
calls for the payment of $50 a day or $500 a
quarter for the privilege. It also provides
for a fine of $1000 for any person violating
the provisions of the order.
The order was read the first time and
then went to the committees on Health
and Police and Licenses jointly. It im
poses a license upon all persons engaged
in selling pools, bookmaking, making bets
or wagers on horseraces, wherein money
or other articles of value are staked or
pledged, or the placing of money for such
purposes by carriers, agents, bookers or
commissioners, etc. The order reads:
Section 1. No person without first obtain
ing a license as hereinafter provided shall:
Sell any pool or pools or make up any book,
list or memorandum for or on which money or
any article of value shall be received or entered
up, listed or written, or receive any money or
other article of value as a stake or pledge upon
the result of any trial or contest of speed or
power of endurance of horses; *
Sell, issue or dispose of any ticket, certificate
or other evidence of payment on which shall
be Inscribed, written or printed any number,
name, word or mark or anything to' designate
the choice selected, received or accepted by
any other person to entitle or enable the said
person holding the said ticket, certificate or
other evidence of payment to gain or lose on
the result of any trial or contest of speed or
power of endurance of horses:
Receive any money or anything represent
ing money, or any article of value, as a bet or
hazard upon the event of any contest or any
contingent issue, or as a stake or pledge
between two or more parties and disburse the
said money or any portion of the same;
Receive or contract to receive any .money or
representative of money either as agent, or
commissioner, or broker, servant or employe
for the purposes named.
Sec. 2. Every person desiring to engage in
the calling as provided must make application
to, and on permission being granted by the
Board of Supervisors shall obtain from the
License Collector a license therefor, which
license shall be designated as "Pool-seller and
Book-maker License." The license is hereby
fixed for one day, and for each day $50 must
be paid Or $500 a quarter, payable in advance.
Section 3 provides that no person shall
engage in the calling of poolselling, etc.,
in any building fronting upon a main
street, or in any room adjoining a place
where spirituous liquors are sold.
No minor will be permitted to partici
pate or be interested in any pool or book.
Doorkeepers must be placed at each door
and prevent the entrance of minors.
Any violation of the provisions of the
order will result in a forfeiture of the
license issued and the payment of a fine
of not more than $1000 or six months' im
prisonment.
. The introduction of the order created
some surprise and much amusement. The
opinion was expressed . that the board
would not have the hardihood to pass it
finally.
The resolution providing for the pay
ment of $50 a day or $300 a month by keep
ers of horse- racing tracks came up for con
sideration.
Supervisor Dimond spoke in opposition
to the measure.
"I am opposed to this resolution," he
said, "because I do not think that it is in
spired by a worthy motive. It is a hit at
the two large associations which have ex
pended a great deal of money in the City
and gives employment to a large number
of persons. It is got up in the interests
of these disreputable poolsellers. .
"Besides," continued the Supervisor, "it
would unnecessarily injure another large
interest in this State— trotting-horse
interest— already too heavily taxed, and
San Francisco is the best place for the
breeders of fast horses to exhibit the
speed of i their horses. Therefore I am
against this resolution."
The resolution was defeated.
George Ready's application for a license
to conduct a labor bureau caused consider
able discussion. Supervisor Dimond said
that the Labor Commissioner opposed the
granting of the license unless the firm of
Murray & Ready was dissolved and the
latter establish a business under his own
name. • He declared that the old firm was
disreputable.
Several Supervisors and an attorney
spoke in behalf of Mr. Reedy, and the per
mission asked was granted.
In view of the fact that each of the vari
ous counties of the State had been as
sessed at the fifth biennial session of the
California River ■: Improvement Conven
tion, each contributing its proportion of
the expense of sending a delegation to
Washington to promote legislation for the
improvement of State rivers and harbors
and to have a permanent commission ap
pointed to protect the same for the agri
cultural and commercial interests of the
State, the board allowed the sum of $300 as
a donation out of the urgent necessity
fund for the purpose named.
The petition of Mrs. Martha Lee, pro
viding for the removal of a high fence
erected on the lot adjoining her residence
at 3017 Sacramento street, was indefinitely
deferred. The same fate met a like peti
tion of Mrs. Rosina- Yung. The fence
complained of by the latter surrounds, her
lot on the south side of Sacramento street,
near Taylor. It was erected by the late
Charles Crocker.
The resolution to the effect that the
Committee on Health and Police be au
thorized to enter into a lease with John
McCarthy for a certain lot on the north
side of Washington street, 100 feet west
from Polk, with building thereon, for use
as a police station, for a term of two years,
the monthly rental to be $90, was referred
back. The resolution had been vetoed by
the Mayor. *
The Mayor's veto was based on the
urgent requests of property-owners in the
neighborhood ,in v question, V protesting
against the establishment of a.police
station at that point. ,He thought that
the site offered by T James W. Taylor on
Polk ;* street, between Washington and
Jackson, would '■. serve  the same purpose
and satisfy the property-owners.
The Edith-street sewer assessment mat
ter was referred back to the Street Com
mittee.
The following petitions and protests
were read and . referred 1 , to the different
committees for consideration: -
Property-owners, for the raising of the grade
of Carlos place, off . O'Farrell street. Julian
Carey, to grade > Broderick street from Union
to Greenwich. Harry Monroe, complaining of
bad sewerage at . 336 a Bush street. Property
owners, for the grading of A street, between
Eighth . and Tenth avenues.' Leach & Lea, to
alter a show-window at 914 Market street.
Mrs. Vaughn, to erect a canvas awning at 11
Mason street. Richmond District Improve
ment Association, for the closing of and re
moval of bodies from the City Cemetery and
that a new site for the cemetery be secured.
Mary Schneider, to * lay wooden sidewalks on
Twenty-fourth street, between Noe and Castro.
O. Ruhhuid, for a lease of block 20, bounded
by Point Lobos, Clement, Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth avenues. .P. McFadden and oth
ers, for . the cancellation of erroneous per
sonal property assessments. Property-owners
for the grading of Hampshire street, from Fif
teenth to Sixteenth. Property owners, for the
condemnation of the sewer in Bryant, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Merchants* Asso
ciation, requesting that no action be taken
upon the bids for a garbage crematory until the
association makes a report on the subject. D.
Hewes, to alter premises on the corner of Mar
ket and Sixth. W. C. Raisch, for release from
his contract to construct a sewer in Dorland
street from Church to Dolores. California
Foundry Company, to erect an engine and
boiler on Harrison street, near Main. F. L.
Turpin, for enforcement of the order to lay
down sidewalks on Bartlett, between Twenty
first and Twenty-second. Mary Torpiano, for
the removal of a fence in the rear of her lot on
i-dith street; San Francisco Schwaben Verein,
for a masquerade ball permit. C. Richards,
for the laying of a sidewalk on Diamond street,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth. Mrs. B.
F. Williams, for the removal of obstructions
from Michigan street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first.
The board then adjourned.
OFFICERS SQUABBLING.
Conflict Between the State and Federal
Authorities Over the Two Trenton
Robbers. •
Edward Norton and Emilio Murillo, the
Trenton postoffice robbers, were indicted
by the United States Grand Jury yesterday.
Both are now in jail at San Rafael under a
State charge of highway robbery. They
were arrested a few days ago by Constable
F. M' Collins of Petaluma. There is some
conflict between the Federal and State
authorities as to which should have the
right to prosecute them.
Murillo and Norton went to the Trenton
postoffice on the evening of the 7th inst.
and held up at the pistol's muzzle Mrs.
Glass, the postmistress, and her daughter,
who acts as her assistant. They took $8
worth of postage stamps of various de
nominations, but nothing else. According
to what Norton says, he advised Murillo
to leave the stamps alone, but the latter
threatened to shoot him if he did not take
the .stamps.
Next day a woodchopoer found the
stamps about three miles from Trenton,
tied up in a red handkerchief and con
cealed in some brush. So Mrs. Glass did
not lose anything of pecuniary value by
her unpleasant experience.
Shortly after a man was held up on the
road and Norton and Murillo were arrested
and identified as the robbers. They were
charged with highway robbery, and the
State authorities now refuse to turn them
over to the United States Marshal.
RUN OVER AT SUNNYSIDE
An Old Dairy Woman Killed
by a Southern Pacific
Train.
Was Driving er Cows Across the
Track at the Time and Trying to
Save One of Them.
A poor old woman was run over by a
Southern Pacific train at Sunnyside yester
day forenoon and killed. Both her legs
were broken in several places and her head
was frightfully battered.
She was Mrs. Ellen Fury, 52 years of
age, and a native of Ireland. She eked out
an existence by keeping some cows and
selling milk to her neighbors. Her home
was a humble wooden shanty in the rear
of the New York dairy at Sunnyside.
The accident was due to the woman's
eagerness to save a cow and the train's
high rate of speed. She was driving her
cows, five in number, across the railroad
track, and one of them was slow and
awkward enough to get a hoof caught in
some manner. Mrs. Fury tried to save
the cow and she succeeded, but just as she
got the cow out of the way the 8:15 San
Jose and San Luis Obispo train (No. 5)
dashed along and struck the old woman.
The train stopped when it was too late,
and she was picked up and carried on to
Ocean View, where Dr. Vandre was called
to attend her. In a little while sue
breathed her last.
The explanation given by the engineer
was that it was an unfortunate accident.
He supposed when he first saw the cows
that they would all be out of the way in
time; that is, that the noise of the train
would frighten them. He said he did not
see the woman until it was too late, owing
to the rate of speed. The track is straight
there, but the speed necessary is so great,
he said, that it is simply impossible to
stop the train unless an object on the track
is seen at a great distance. Besides, the
general habit is, the engineer . argued, to
suppose that people 1 will keep out of the
way of an approaching train for their own
safety.
There were several witnesses to the acci
dent, among them Charles Geiger and two
girls named Annie and Essie Ewell. Essie,
who is only 12 years of , age, described it
substantially as follows:
"It was Mrs. Fury's custom to drive her
cows across the track to the adjoining hill
to graze because the grass there is good.
The train was coining along at full speed.
I don't think any whistle blew or any bell
was. rung. At any rate, 1 don't remember
hearing any. The train always goes
through this cut fast and Mrs. Fury was
too old to move rapidly. She had a good
many narrow escapes. I ; wonder she
wasn't killed before." ' ; 7,
The home of the woman is situated
about 300 feet from the scene of the acci
dent and she has ! lived there for the past
twelve years. Her only companion, has
been her nephew, James Boland, an Ingie
side laborer, who has been living with her
for about nine months. About six j years
ago she secured a divorce from her hus
-1 band on the ground of cruel treatment.
The case was reported to the Coroner's
office and Deputy Coroners Mclnnis ■ and
O'Brien went out and' took charge of the
woman's remains, which were brought to
the Morgue.
Police Officer Herve took the case in
hand and if he finds that the circum
stances of the accident are such as to show
that the engineer was criminally respon
sible he will have him arrested pending
the result of the Coroner's inquest. A
damage suit against the company may fol
low.
MRS. CAROTHERS DEAD.
The Wife of One of the Prominent
Attorneys of . Ukiah. y-'/'i
Mrs. T. L. Carothers of Ukiah, wife of \
one of the well-known citizens of Califor
nia, is dead. Her, husband was a Presi
dential elector from this State when Presi
dent Harrison was elected, and he is one
of the best known attorneys of , California.
Some years ago he ran for Congress, and
was recently spoken of au the prospective
Attorney-General. "He has been president
of the Board of Directors of the Ukiah In
sane Asylum.
7 Mrs. Carothers was ill only three days.
Brought "From Seattle.
Detective Reynolds returned to the City yes
terday afternoon on the steamer Umatilla from
Seattle with J. D. L. McGaughey.-who is wanted
here on the charge of forgery. : The complain
ing witness is John Brenan, representing ' the
San Francisco Paving, Company, who alleges
that McGaughey « forged : names ;of ' property
owners to contracts for paving, receiving his
commission thereon. a.
All /Agree."
, GREAT. AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chinaware, .. Glassware and
. -i .... Tinware ■:
CHEAPEST OF ALL.7 .TRY THEM.
Very " Pretty Dishes. - Very Cheap '- Prices. '
62 Market street, S. F., Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
NOT A SON OF
SIR ROBERT PEEL
Nat Feldman, Variety Actor,
Characterized as an
Impostor.
HIS FACTS DO NOT FIT
—
Claims to Be the Eldest Son of
a Man Who Is Not
Married.
THE SIR ROBERT OF TO-DAY.
J. F. Russell Peel, Grandson of Sir
Robert of History, Is a Resi
■ dent of This City.
J. F. Russell Peel of this City,
grandson of Sir Robert Peel of history,
shrugged his shoulders yesterday when he
J. Russell Peel.
was asked for an opinion as to the Bella
Union variety actor who claims to be "an
eldest son" of the Sir Robert Peel of to
day.
Russell Peel is a young man under 30
years of age.. He is in business in this
City and has been for some years at 310
Pine street. He is a son of Archibald Peel,
grandson of Sir Robert the great.
"I am extremely averse to newspaper
notoriety, especially in connection with a
disagreeable subject of this kind," said
Mr. Peel.
"Still I do not think it right that this
man should be permitted to make capital
at the expense of the name of Peel. Ido
not know the man; I never heard of him
until he appeared in the papers here as
the eldest son of a man who is not mar
ried. Sir Robert Peel of to-day is a young
man himself and, as I say, is not and never
has been married. Consequently the main
prop of the variety man's story being taken
away there is no need of denying its de
tails. I may only add that in every other
part of the story of which, in its relation
to the Peel family, I would have knowl
edge, it is all equally false. It is remark
able, I may add, the number of people
who come here to make capital by the use
of old and well-known English and other
foreign names."
This was all that Mr. Peel cared to say
about the matter, but he was evidently
very much chagrined at being called upon
to come into public notice to deny the
claims of a stranger to a name of
which he is, with reason, proud.
"Nat Feldman," the variety . man who
claims to be the eldest son of Sir Robert
Peel, had evidently not studied his Peer
age sufficiently before he entered upon the
"eldest son" business. Still, as he is not
running bills of expensive totals on the
strength of the Peel name, or even play
ing a part calculated to infatuate the eligi
ble heiresses of Nob Hill, he may be said
to have made his point in the advertising
already secured.
But even a casual familiarity with cur
rent news should have protected him
against the error of -. claiming to be the
"eldest son" of Sir Robert Peel. The
present Sir Robert Peel has held the title
but about a year. Within : two years he
figured largely in newspaper stories that
were telegraphed over the country by the
column, in which he was represented as
trying to induce an American young lady
to marry him, and in which the American
young lady, seconded, or perhaps superin
duced, by a stern father, flatly refused to
do so. ,
The American young lady in the case
was Miss Kittie Sanford of Bridgeport,
Conn., granddaughter of Henry Sanford,
president of the Adams Express Company,
and daughter of Professor Samuel Sanford
of Yale College, and the richest man in
Bridgeport. •*.
It was in the latter part of August, 1894,
that the present Sir Robert Peel, then
plain Mr. Robert, came over from England
expecting to make Miss.Kittie his bride.
She was then 19, and her wealthy grand
father intended she should marry Harry
Shelton, a member of the law firm which
had charge of the business of the Adams
Express Company.:- Miss Sanford had been
educated at Paris, and while there it was
that she met Mr. Peel. He said he met
her at Monte Carlo, confessed that he had
fallen in love with her and had proposed
marriage; \ and *he : said further, that she
had accepted ; him. 7 But her father, who
was present, objected, and, he said, sug
gested that they wait a year. . At the ex
piration of the time he came over, went to
Bridgeport, but was unable to see Miss
Sanford. ; •" ' 7 '/. y ; '] 777 '■•-*< A/y/'A'r
He then called upon the grandfather in
New York, and that old gentleman gave
him - what, if *it ,' was 7 to-day, would be
termed a pronounced case of glassy eye.
He called Mr. Peel a libertine, and stated
in so many words his belief that the young
man was simply after Miss Sanford' s
money, and charged him with having com
mitted forgery.
• All this information was given out by
young Peel himself.' He admitted also
that the young lady had written to him
breaking off the engagement. He said
that the old gentleman's charge that he
was a libertine was based upon an esca
pade in which he had figured with Mrs.
Langtry, when he "took that lady away
from Gebhard," as he himself said. He
was at that time engaged to marry a beau
tiful young lady— Miss Lane Fox— but his
conduct with the Jersey Lily, which was
the sensation of a year at Monte Carlo, left
her no alternative but to break it off.
Since that time the then Sir Robert Peel
has died, and the young man referred to,
now about 38 years of age, has succeeded
to the title. Possibly, however, his rever
sionary life interest in his father's estate,
also his life interest in the old baronet's
life insurance, have been sold — a result of
his profligacy. " . -T : A'TTTa/A
This is the man that Nat Feldman, the
Bella Union variety man, familiarly re
fers to as his "governor." He did not,
know, however, that there was a real scion
of the house of Peel in this City capable of
fatally puncturing his claims and correct
ing his history.
Mate Orr Held for Cruelty.
First Mate Charles V. Orr of the American
ship John McDonald was held by United S.ates
Commissioner Heacock yesterday for brutally
beating J. Vf. Smith, a sailor. The story told
by Smith and his witnesses, Otto Anderson and
Martin Olsen, was that Orr ordered Smith to go
aloft, that Smith was bareheaded at the time
and went to get his hat and that this made the
mate angry— so angry that he knocked Smith
down and beat him about the face. Orr*s bail
Nat Peel.
was fixed at $1000, and Smith and his two
witnesses were ordered to be kept in jail until
the trial to insure their appearance.
CUT OFF THE DOG'S TAIL
How George Brown Tried to
» Cure His Yellow Cur
of Fits.
The Surgical Operation Interested
Secretary Holbrook, and Brown
Will Be Arrested.
According to statements made to Charles
Holbrook, secretary of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, George
Brown, "who lives on Fourteenth street,
has discovered a new way to cure a dog of
fits. From the story told to Secretary Hol
brook it seems that Brown has a yellow
dog, one of the common ordinary kind,
that is subject to fits. 77'7i;T-
Brown studied the case of his yellow dog
carefully with : a view of effecting a per
manent cure of the ailing canine.
Some one told him that a similar disease
in human beings was the result of nervous
afflictions. Brown knew enough about
anatomy to realize that there is • some con
nection between the nervous system and
the spinal cord. From wnat took place it
is evident that he believed that a shock to
the nerves of the spinal cord would prove
a preventive of fits.
A few days ago Brown's ocher-hued ca
nine had another tit and the owner de
cided upon • giving the dog a shock that
would cure the illness. Not wishing to give
it to the dog in the neck for fear of the ex
periment proving fatal to the dog, Brown
seized the four-footed sufferer by the caudal
extremity and led the animal backward to
a chopping block.
One stroke of the hatchet and the yellow
dog and his tail parted company forever.
There was not enough tail left attached to
the dog for ; the latter to wag a friendly
greeting to an acquaintance.
Whether the experiment in the interest
of suffering dogdora proved satisfactory is
not learned, but Secretary Holbrook will
make an inquiry. He says that he will
cause Brown's arrest for cruelty to an ani
mal in 7 amputating : the yellow dog's tail,
as the operation was not performed ac
cording to the latest methods prescribed in
, works on scientific surgery.
NEW TO-DAT.
In a Vice.
Feet feel that way in stiff,
hard shoes. Goodyear Welt
shoes are easy, flexible, com-
fortable. All dealers sell
Goodyear Welts, all people
may wear them.
- "Foot Comfort" will tell you all about them.
Write for it. • ,
COODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
MONEY OUTLOOK BRIGHT.
Theodore H. Price, the New York
Banker, on the Improved
Conditions.
THE WHEAT AND COTTON CROPS
Capitalists All Want the Hundred
Million of Bonds— General Con
i . - *
fidence Growing.
Theodore H. Price, a leading broker of ,
New York, arrived here last night and is
at the Palace.
Mr. Price is of the firm of Price, McCor
mick & Co., formerly Hubbard, Price &
Co. In the earlier days they were very
heavy dealers in cotton, handling large
quantities for Japan, and they yet handle
large amounts, though their attention has
been turned to other products. Branch
offices have been maintained in Liverpool,
Savannah and Norfolk.
Mr. Price says that recently business has
materially brightened in the East. The
feeling of confidence has extended over
the Prairie States, and throughout the
country, according to Mr. Price, there is
unquestionably an increased amount of
prosperity.
"There has been a noticeable'improve
mentin New York," said Mr. Price, "and
it is so, as I believe, over the whole of the
country. Wheat has advanced, and we
have better indications every way than we
have had for several years. When I left
New York it was already apparent that
the $100,000,000 of bonds which Mr. Cleve
land recently ordered issued would all be
taken. So many applications for them
were made that the applicants cannot all
be accommodated.
"I am convinced that when we get a
new administration a year hence, a Repub
lican one, sound on the finances, we will
enter on such a period of prosperity as has
not been experienced for a long time.
Meanwhile everything is now in good
shape for an improved condition of the
finances.
"Wheat is rising, as before mentioned,
and I notice that in California the advance
has made considerable difference in the
business feeling, as it has elsewhere. It
may continue to rise, as the indications
are that the crop of fall wheat east of the
Rocky Mountains will be a little light. As
for cotton the price has risen materially,
and the growers of Texas and other
Southern States are making a great deal of j
money.
"However, when cotton is high here
the Japanese usually turn to East India j
for their supply. That does not matter to |
us, however, so long as prices are good.
"Other products are also commanding :
better figures. There is everywhere a ,
healthier feeling in business. Men are
more ready to make investments. Confi
dence is being restored. To my mind there
is general prosperity ahead. Everything
points in that direction, and I believe
there is a better feeling throughout the
whole of America."
Mr. Price was in California last, and, in
fact, for the first time in 1890. He has
come out now for a brief visit with his
brother, Walter W. Price, the popular San
Francisco newspaper man. Mr. Price's
partner in the brokerage business is Mr.
McCormick, son of the millionaire reaper
manufacturer. .
AN IMPOETUNATE BEGGAE.
Charles Kane Sentenced to Thirty Days
lv the County Jail.
Charles Kane, a strong, healthy man, 39
years of age, was sentenced by Judge Low
yesterday morning to thirty days in the
County Jail, on the charge of begging.
He has been annoying the residents on
Ashbury Heights by importuning them
on the streets and ringing their doorbells
at night after they had retired to bed.
Complaints had" been made to Policeman
Sylvester about Kane by several of the
residents, -among them'Emile Depierre,
the architect, and Mrs. White, corner of
Park road and Frederick street, and he
arrested him on Saturday night. Mrs.
White and Mr. Depierre testified against
Kane in court, and he was lucky to get off
with such a light sentence. '
Dead for Several Days.
At the What Cheer House, on Sacramento and
Leidesdorff streets, a laborer named F. Sulll.
van was iound dead yesterday in his room, No.
70. Sullivan must have been dead for several
days, for the body was beginning to decom
pose. No one about the place could give any
clear explanation as to Sullivan's movements,
except that he occupied the room, and it waa
supposed he was all right. The case was re.
ported to the Morgue by H. Harris.
On the 6th of July the earth is fart he
away from the sun than at any other time*
NEW TO-DAT.
When
Paderewski
Comes
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
PIANO
mm, "clay _ C 0.,.
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Sts.,
Pacific Coast Representatives,
Coke! Coke! Coke!
OAIiIFOtRNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. Mcdonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beale.
I have on hand a large quantity of 8. F Gmm.
light Co.'s and Pacini, Gas Improvement ' C<yl.
Coke, which X am selling at a very low rate Thi«
Coke is suitable lor orates, Furnaces, Laundry and
Family use. ' .**-"*
I am also » direct Importer of the best Ensrlish
and Belgian brands of Patent Coke, which 1 am
offering at reduced rates to Foundries. Breweries
tSStisrsssr and the u » a * -•- -<--* «•>•» *
wi C tS u S^S Si ' tity » d ' Uvere -»
; Will guarantee satisfaction, as 1 know what
.bu U sVne U S l i from aD experience °* "s^e^sV^
Office 813 Folsom Street.