VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 60.
SMITH'S BILL
MAY GO THROUGH.
1
An Elaborate Scheme for
Re-Funding Railroad
Debts.
CONSIDERED IN SECRET.
But There Was First a Public
Session of the House
Committee.
HUNTINGTON'S MEN AT WORK,
They Make Elaborate Statements That
■ Are Easily Picked to Pieces
by Maguire.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.—
House Committee on Railroads after its
session to-day went into secret session.
Every member was pledged to secrecy.
It was decided to send to Secretary Hoke
Smith for his opinion of the bill intro
duced by Representative Smith of Illinois,
the member of the Pacific Roads Commit
tee who last year supported Reiliy's bill.
Representative Smith's measure will be
the one adopted by the House committee,
and will in all probability be passed
through Congress.
After dealing with the Union Pacific it
provides that the Secretary of the Treas
ury be authorized and directed to ascer
tain the amount of the respective indebt
edness of the Central Pacific Company of
California and Western Pacific Railroad
Company on the first day of July, 1896,
upon the same principle as if the whole
sum of bonds and interest paid and to be
paid by the United States thereon and not
theretofore repaid by credits on account
thereof were to be paid to the United
States in cash on the said day, and said
sum shall be computed and ascertained as
follows: '777./i'4
"First— The whole of the principal of
said subsidy bonds attributable to each of
said companies shall be added to the
interest paid or to be paid by the United
States upon the same, so as- to ascertain
the total amounts that would have been
due the United States for principal and
interest paid on bonds issued to each of
said companies at their maturity if no
payments or reimbursements had been
made thereon by the companies. "~ -7 a
"Second— From * the * same amounts so
ascertained shall be deducted any pay
ments or reimbursements made by or on
behalf of either of said companies upon
their indebtedness at any time before the
first day day of July, 1896, as shall appear
in the bond and interest accounts of said
companies, respectively, with the United
States.«@|
"Third— Compute the present worth of
the amounts so found as of the first day of
July, 1896, on the basis that money is
worth 2 per cent per annum during the
period between the date of tbe average
maturity of said bonds and the first day of
July, 1864. From the sums so ascertained
there shall be deducted amounts in the
sinking fund applicable to said companies,
respectively, computing the value of any
' bonds in said sinking fund at their market
, value at the time of such computation, as
.estimated by the Secretary of the Treas
ury, and said sinking fund shall thereupon
be applied as' payment upon the debt of
such company to the United States. To
the total amounts so ascertained and re
maining unpaid, after deducting said
sinking fund, add the sum to be com
puted on such basis, assuming money to
be worth 2 per cent per annum, as to rep
resent the present capitalized worth of the
rebate of interest for ten years of 1 per
cent per annum on the total unpaid
amounts and on the sum so added for the
rebate of interest.
. "The aggregate amounts arrived at by
such addition shall be arrived at by calcu
lating upon such capitalization as would
be required to be paid in cash on said day
for .the purpose of completely discharging
their entire debts to the United States.
"The Central Pacific is authorized to
make, issue and to deliver to the Secretary
of the Treasury a mortgage, which shall
bear date of the first day of July, 1896,
covering and embracing the entire prop
erty of such company, as at present con
solidated, real, personal and mixed, in
cluding all right, title and interest of such
company in any stocks, bonds, or securi
ties or lands of any branch lines, or auxil
iary companies in which such company
has now any interest, and all beneficial
interest which it may have in a cer
tain lease of its property to the South
ern Pacific " Company. as herein
after provided, and all railroads now
owned or hereafter acquired or constructed
_7 the said Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany, and all their franchises, telegraph
lines, selling stock, fixtures and property
of every kind and description, as well as
those which its successors or assigns may
hereafter acquire, subject to any bona fide,
lawfully prior and paramount lien, claim
or mortgage upon any railroad franchises
whose property is now owned by such
company, or which company may here
after acquire.
"But such mortgage shall not be con
strued to prevent the said company from
using and disposing of any of its property
or assets in the ordinary, proper and law
ful course of its current business, in good
faith and for valuable consideration; nor
to prevent the railroad company from
applying rentals derived from said
lease to the payment of dividends to
i's stockholders to the extent that
dividends are permitted by this act, and
said company may sell and convey for
valuable consideration any roads included
in its land grant and apply the proceeds
thereof as required by the provisions of
any mortgage or liens thereon, prior to the
mortgage given by this act.
"The Central Pacific Railroad Company
is authorized to make, execute and issue,
under its mortgage aforesaid; its bonds in
an amount equal to said aggregate amount
arrived at, each of which bonds shall be
for the principal sum of $1000, and shall be
The San Francisco Call.
payable within 100 years after the first day
of July, 1895. Said bonds shall bear in
terest for ten years at the rate of 1 per cent
per annum, payable semi-annually on
the first days of January and
July of each year from 1897 to 1906,
both inclusive, and thereafter at the rate
of 2 "per cent per annum, payable semi
annually on the first days of July and
January in each year, beginning on the
first day of January, 1907, and continuing
until said bonds shall be fully paid. Said
bonds shall at the time of the execution
and delivery of said mortgage De delivered
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and shail
be received by and on behalf of the United
States as provisional payment of said ag
gregate amount arrived at.
"So long as any of said bonds belong to
the United States, said company shall,
semi-annually, on the first days of Janu
ary and July of each year, for the period of
ten years, commencing on the first day of
of January. 1897, pay to the Secretary of
tiie Treasury, in addition to the interest
which shall then be due on its indebted
ness, one-twentieth of 1 per cent of the
whole sum for which it gave its bonds
and mortgages, and for a period of ten
years, commencing on the first day of Jan
ary, 1907, said company shall semi-annually
pay to the Secretary of the Treasury, in
addition to interest which shall then be
due on its indebtedness, one-fourth of 1
per cent of the whole sum ; and for a
period of twenty years, commencing the
Ist day of January, 1917, shall pay seven
twentieths of 1 per cent of the whole sum ;
and for a period of forty years, com
mencing the Ist day of January, ,1937,
half of 1 per cent; and for a period of
twenty years, commencing the Ist day of
January, 1957, 1 per cent.
"Whenever in the opinion of the Presi
dent of the United States it shall be
deemed necessary for the protection of the
interests of the United States in respect to
its lien, mortgage or other interest in any
property of several companies named in
this act, upon which lien, mortgage or
other incumbrance amount to the
right, title or interest of the United States
in the same property or any part of the
same may exist, and be then lawfully
liable to be enforced, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, under the direction of the
President, redeem or otherwise clear off
such paramount lien, mortgage or other
incumbrance by paying the sums lawfully
due in respect thereof out of the
treasury, and the United States shall
thereupon become and be subro
gated to all rights and securities
thereto pertaining to the debt, mortgage,
lien or other incumbrance by virtue of
which such payment shall have been
made; provided, that whenever it shall
become necessary for the United States to
pay off any part of any, such paramount
incumbrance as aforesaid, the Secretary, of
the Treasury may require the payment of
all money paid for such purpose, with
costs, expenses and interest, and upon the
! failure of the company to make such re
payment with all costs, expenses and in
terest thereon, within one year after being
notified so to do, the whole indebtedness
of said company to the United States shall,
at the discretion and option of the Presi
dent, become; due and payable at any day
thereafter,' and all rights of the Uhited
States shall thereupon be enforced.", -; 77
No money is to be paid roads on account
of services rendered the Government until
the bonds are redeemed. No railroad divi
dends shall be paid stockholders until the
roads have paid their interest on the first
mortgage bonds.
Huntington's lobby was actively at work
to-day. Huntington himself was busy.
Reilly of Pennsylvania (a statesman out
of a job) is here, and had a talk with the
railroad magnate to-night. He has prob
ably been employed as a lobbyist. J. C.
Stubbs is also here, accompanied by hi
secretary, W. C. Martin. John Boyd was
iv conference with ex-Representative (and
ex-Senator) Blair to-night. Another lob
byist , was * consulting with Chairman
Powers.
Representative Maguire said to-night
the committee would "rush things."
Mr. Boatner of Louisiana will probably
be the only member of the Pacific Roads
Committee who will vote against the
funding bill. He was a member of the
committee in the last Congress and stood
with Maguire. He thinks the committee
report will be almost unanimous for the
refunding bill. "I am the last of the
Mohicans," said he to The Call corre
spondent to-day. yA*'-p.
The House Committee on Pacific Rail
roads met at 1 o'clock this afternoon. Mr.
Thurber of New York spoke in a general
way for twenty minutes in favor of fund
ing the debts of the Pacific railroads, but
made no new or specially interesting point
in favor of the proposition, except that he
was an entirely disinterested person, look
ing to the public welfare. "
Charles H. Tweed of New York, cool,
smooth and eloquent, next addressed the
committee for an hour and a half in favor
of funding the debt of the Central Pacific.
He expressed the belief that the com
pany could pay its debts to the United
States Government in 100 annual install
ments, with interest at the rate of 2 per
cent. ' He said the company could not
give the Government a first mortgage on
any of the railroad property, because it
would have to arrange with its private
creditors for the extension or their first
mortgage claims and must give ; to those
creditors the same security which they
now hold ; but he said the company would
give the Government a mortgage upon all
of its property, including its ferry and ter
minal facilities at Oakland, the California
and Oregon road from Roseville to the
State line with also the road from Lathrop
to Goshen, which additional securities he
thought would greatly improve the Gov
ernment's position as a creditor. He said
that the earnings of the Central Pacific
road lor the last five years had ranged
from a little over $2,000,000 in 1891 down to
$42,000 in 1894, and ] estimated that the
company, 7 unless it should be obliged to
submit to further ' reductions in freights,
could afford to pay.the Government about
$1,250,000 a year on the new arrangement.
Grove L. Johnson of California, address
ing Mr. Tweed, at this point said : 7 "It has
been asserted, particularly in California,
by some politicians that if the Pacific Rail
road debts should be refunded the people
of California would be obliged to pay the
debts in increased freight charges over the
roads. Is there any foundation for such a
statement?"
Tweed replied: "No, sir, the proposition
is absurd. Freight rates on the Central
Pacific Railroad, as on all other railroads,
are kept down by competition and they
could not be increased to cover the funded
debt." ;
:In answer to a question* by Boatner
Tweed said he did not think' that the re
duction of net ; profits oh the Central Pa-,
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY" MORNING, JANUARY 29, 1896.
04.__ J IEO_R.2Sri_A.'S BETE _Sr©l_=l.
Uncle Sam — "If you don't kill that dog, Miss Kentucky, I will."
cific from $2,000,000 to $42,000 a year had
been caused by a diversion of traffic to the
Southern Pacific road.
Hiiborn stated that he thought Tweed
bad conveyed a false impression concern
ing the character and value of the railroad
lands by stating that most of the land was
arid and mountainous and asked if a very
large portion; of the railroad grant land
was not at least claimed, to be very valu
able for their minerals, and also asked at
what value the lands were held by. the
company and .what had been realized from
the sale of land up to this time.
Tweed replied that many contentions
had been made concerning some of the
land of the company, but that he had not
come prepared, to answer any questions
concerning those matters, and, therefore,
could not throw much light upon them.
At this point Mr. Johnson said: ,
, "Mr. Hiiborn, I have introduced a bill
securing to the miners more chances than
they now have in their fight with the rail
road company for mineral lands, and hope
you will help me pasts the bi11." .,, -.
Hiiborn replied: "That looks like a con
fession that the miners have not hereto
fore had a fair chance." , Tz/AyAAT^TTf
Johnson retorted : "Oh, no, ; that don't
follow at all;* but my bill will give them a
better chance."
Maguire then, by leave of the commit
tee, proceeded to cross-examine Tweed
concerning the Central Pacific's proposi
tions, its alleged new securities and iv re
lations to the Southern Pacific Company
of Kentucky. Tweed .' admitted, in reply
.to Maguire's questions, that the, Goshen
and Lathrop road was mortgaged to the
extent of about $40,000 per mile, and that
the mortgage would be prior to the Gov
ernment's mortgage under the re-funding
arrangement. T : ;
He would not admit that the road was
worth less than $20,000 per mile and did
not know that a ; new and better broad,
gauge railroad is now being built through
the San Joaquin Valley at cost of $10,000
per mile. He admitted that the Oakland
terminal facilities were subject as a first
lien to $16,000,000 blanket mortgage of the
Central Pacific Railroad and that the mort
gage would be prior to the Government's
claim under- the re-funding scheme. He
also admitted that the road from Niles to
Oakland is specially mortgaged at $30,000
per mile independently of the blanket
mortgage. He also admitted that the Cal
ifornia and Oregon road between Roseville
and the State line is mortgaged for at least
$10,300,000 which would also be prior to
the Government's claim.
Tweed having stated that the California
and Oregon road was built by a local con»
pany and afterward acquired by the Cen
tral Pacific ■by purchase, Maguire pro
ceeded to cross-examine him on that point,
stating that the reoort of the Pacific Rail
road Commission showed that at least the
northern half of the road had been built
by the Contract and- Finance Company,
consisting really of ] Messrs. Huntington,
Hopkins, Stanford and Crocker, under
contract with the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, and that they had paid them
selves for the building of roads $8,400,000;
whereas the construction of the road had
cost them * only i $3,500,000 and had then
mortgaged the branch road for $11,400,000.
He asked Tweed if| that part of the report
of the Pacific Railroad Commission was
not true. *
Tweed said that part of the report, he
thought, could not be true.
Johnson objected to this line of question
ing by Maguire on the ground that it had
nothing to do with the matter pending be
fore the committee..
Maguire said: "I think the questions
are pertinent and material. These . people
are offering alleged additional securities
to the Government as an inducement to
an extension ' of credit. I want to show
that the alleged additional securieties are
worthless because they are already mort
gaged far beyond . their value."
Johnson replied : "They have made no
such offer, as I understand it."
Maguire proceeded to question Tweed
about the lease of the Central Pacific
Railroad to the Southern Pacific Company,
showing that the Southern Pacific Com
pany by lease controls : all : the lines o i
railroad running to or from California be
tween Siskiyou Mountains ■ arid : Tehachapi
Pass, arid asked I him if -'he did not think
the monopoly of » traffic of that region by
a/s ingle% company— the re-funding
scheme 7 should ;' be * carried . through
would enable that company to ;■ charge
higher rates for transportation than could
be charged if the Central Pacific Railroad
Continued on Third Page. . .
GENERAL GARCIA'S
STEAMER SINKS
The Hawkins Abandoned by
the Filibusters Bound
for Cuba.
TAKE TO SMALL BOATS.
Many of the. Shipwrecked ' Men
Are Picked Up by Pass
ing Schooners;
AT LEAST TEN ARE DROWNED.
It Is a Great Blow to : the Cause of
the Patriots Who Are Battling
■* •* A* : ■t, "'■'_''■•■ ' * ; ■■
for Freedom.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 23.— Last Sunday
night the steamer^ J. W. Hawkins, com
manded by Captain Woodrow, sailed from
New York with a party of between seventy
five and 100 men bound, it is claimed," for
Cuba, where the party was to enter the
ranks of the insurgent army. When the
steamer was off the eastern end of Long
island she sprang a serious leak, and the
water gained so rapidly that all bands
were obliged to take to the boats.
Monday morning the : men were picked
up by passing schooners, among which
was the three-masted schooner Helen H.
Benedict, Captain Brockett, ' bound from
Norfolk for Boston- with a cargo of coal.
The Benedict picked up twenty-five of the
men and landed them at Vineyard Haven
late last nignt, from which place they were
transferred this morning by the steamer
Susie D and landed at Woodsboll, where
they took an early train for New York.
The four-masted schooner Alice B.
Crosby, Newport News for Boston, fell in
with another boat from the steamer about
sixty-five miles southeast of 'Sandy Hook
lightship, which contained twenty
persons, but owing to - the rough - sea only
thirteen were ■ saved, the other- ten being
drowned.' The Crosby landed the sur
vivors at Woodsboll this - morning, where
they took a train for New York this after
noon. ' • y "" • '.
• Another vessel, a three-masted schooner,
picked up a number of the wrecked people
ana it is supposed put back with them to
Delaware breakwater. ".. The men were
mostly Spaniards and would say very little
concerning the disaster. It was said,
however, that the steamer's true destina
tion was Cuba; that her cargo consisted of
$25,000 worth of ammunition, one gun on
board having cost $5000. /
The J.; W. Hawkins was a steamer of 125
tons net and ■ 188 tons gross. .' She was
built at Kennebunk, Me., in 1880, arid'
hailed from Onancock, Va. The steamer
has been engaged in the fishing, business,
but lias been lying idle in Baltimore har
bor for some months.
Two weeks ago a Mr. Tinsley appeared
in Baltimore, and desired to purchase 'the
steamer for a Mr. Smith of New York.
Those interested in the sale noticed that
plenty of money for the purchase was ap
parently at hand; : but whatever sus
picions the sellers may have entertained
they. were very careful to keep to them
selves, and in an incredibly short time the
boat was delivered to her new owner free
from debt. She was at once taken to New
York, where it is alleged a little band lof
men were gathered in readiness -.toi get on
board, .their intention being to join the
Cuban army and . fight 7in the ranks. In
spite /of .the vigilance^ of the 'Spanish
authorities, the steamer was fitted for sea
and the men were taken safely ,on board.
Last Sunday night r she sailed from ' that
port, commanded by Captain Woodrow.
Unfortunately, ho.vever, the : boat ;, was
unfit for sea and the hasty preparations
had \ allowed no time for 7 a thorough ex
amination of her bottom, for she had pro
ceeded only as far as eastern end of
Long Island when she sprang a dangerous
leak and began to settle in the .water. Tln
spite of all the crew could do the leak
gained with fearful rapidity and in a short
time it was apparent that ; they must take
to the boats or go down with tbe vessel.
\lt is. believed there were between 75 and
100 men on board, and they had barely
time to get into the small boats before the
steamer went down.
TAKEN TO NEW YORK.
General Garcia Sadly Tells of the Wreck
of His Expedition.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. The ocean
tug Fred B. Dalzell brought to this city
this afternoon seventy men supposed to be
Cuban filibusters, whom Captain Denyze
picked up from the ' schooner Leander V.
Beebe at 9 o'clock this morning at a point
ten miles due east of 'the. stranded steam
ship St. Paul, off Long Branch. Captain
Harry Denyze was lying off. Long Branch
-early this morning: looking (or a tow.'- 'At
8 o'clock he sighted' the schooner Leander
V.' Beebe from- Baltimore *to Boston. An
American ' flag,* ' ' inverted , [ flew from her
rigging, and the Dalzell ran up and hailed
her. -'■'*"-' .'•:■ • -;'.' AT ? ■ '.'.
-\ : "The schooner's deck," said Captain
-Denyze - to-night, "swarmed with men
in all stages of undress. Wretchedness
was written in every line 'of their faces.
Very few wore hats, some of them * were
without shoes and nearly all were minus
coats. - : ■•■-'-- "'//z^T
*• 'What price do you want to take seventy
men into New York?' shouted the skipper
of the Beebe. ■ 'Ty T 777
* "I told him and we made the bargain. I
ran up alongside and after an hour's dan
gerous work got the men on the Dalzell.
After the tug got under way it was agreed
that I put one man off at Pier 8, North
River, and ' I did so. He said he was a
gunner. I did not catch his name. ; None
of them made any secret about their ef
forts to reach Cuba and their fight for her
freedom.
"The most dejected person on board
was an old man, who told me he was
Garcia and was in charge of tbe expedi
tion. He was accompanied by his son
Carlos Garcia. Garcia seemed ' completely
broken down. He said that the Cubans
had played one of ' their strongest cards of
the revolution in sending out this expedi
tion, and that more than $200,000 worth of
arms and ammunition had been lost by the
sinking of the Hawkins."
• Garcia then related to Captain Denyze
the story of the wreck. He said:
"We .loaded the steamer James W.
Hawkins for the expedition at Port Morris.
All day the hatches were closed, and no
body ever had any suspicion that we had
thousands of dollars' worth of arms in her
hold. All the work was, done at dead of
night. • We sailed on Friday night and
went out by Long Island Sound. We had
excellent weather until Sunday, when it
began to get rough. On Monday morning
early the vessel 7 sprang a leak. ... The
waves and wind just opened her seams.
Pumps were fl manned, but they soon
choked with coal and became useless. Then
the. men got buckets and bailed for their
lives.. The water gained inch by inch,
and finally the coal went overboard and
the costly* arms , and ammunition. It
broke ,our , hearts ito throw these arms
away, but we had to keep the vessel afloat
somehow. Gradually the Hawkins set
tled down, and at 11:30 o'clock on Monday
morning we took the lifeboats and deserted
the sinking steamer. 7; Half an hour later
the ' Beebe ■ hove *in sight \ and took us on
board..* At the time the Hawkins went
down she i was forty-five miles south
southeast of r Barnegat, and .the sea was
very wild." :
' Captain Denyze said that the men saved
nothing but two valises filled with United
States bank notes. These are in the posses
sion of General Garcia.
SURVIVORS AT NEW BEDFORD.
Ten of the Crew Hrowned in the Under-.
7 ■' Tow.
! ■ BOSTON. Mass., Jan. 28.— A Globe spe
cial from Bedford, Mass.; says that
thirteen of the - survivors of i the 7 wreck of
the steamer J. W. Hawkins, being part of
the boatload saved by the schooner Alice
B. Crosby, reached that city this evening.
Four were' Americans and nine Cubans.
They left for New York by train:-/-
As the Cubans could talk no English it
was * difficult to obtain any ;in formation
from them: The Americans, however,
were willing to tell what they knew of the
expedition. i Although ostensibly fitted out
for the Bermudas, the Hawkins was really
bound for Cuba. When the boat was ,
picked up by the schooner Alice B. Crosby.,
r:-..'i-t---y ■' ■'" '■*.:.
1 the occupants made frantic jumps for the
vessel.
Ten of the poor fellows were unable to
secure a hold on her side, fell into the sea
and were sucked under with the under
tow. Several others narrowly escaped a
similar fate. "*;.
H. M. Clarity, who shipped as assistant
steward of the Hawkins/said there was no
use in denying that they were bound on a
filibustering expedition, although the crew
was not supposed to know anything
about it.
Fireman Thomas Kelly, who was, he
says, the only man saved out of the en
gineering department, said that he was
not told the nature of ; the trip when he
was shipped; The men were promised
good wages, which was sufficient induce
ment for them to ask no questions.
a
HEPAJITUJtE Oh' THE HAWKINS.
All the Men Who. Tolxtnteered Could Not
' He Taken.
NEW YORK, N. Y.\ Jan. 28.— The final
gathering of the filibusters was in a mar
ble-yard at Port Morris, at One Hundred
and Thirty-eighth street, where there is a
dock, late Saturday night.
General Garcia, his son and 170 other
Cubans, who had enlisted for the expedi
tion, met in the yard and the Hawkins
tied up 7at this dock. Then it was
found that there were more volunteers
than the steamboat could carry. It was im
possible to take more than 120 and it was
necessary to sift out fifty m en. This an-
nouncement was made after two men had
deserted and had been chased away in the
darkness.
- After the chosen band had been sifted
and the 120 had got aboard the Hawkins
steamed away for the Sound. The arms
of the boat consisted of two Hotchkiss
rapid-fire guns, 1200 Remington and Win
chester rifles and some revolvers.
There was plenty of ammunition for tne
Hotchkiss guns and 1,000,000 cartridges for
the rifles. General Garcia also had taken
along 3000 pounds of dynamite and ma
terials for making heavy explosives.
REGARDED AS A MISFORTUNE.
Rut the Cxiban Patriots Are Not at All
Jloxcncnst.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Jan. 28.—Sev
eral prominent Cubans were seen this
evening regarding the disaster to the
steamer Hawkins, which had a cargo of
arms and ammunition besides a party of
Cubans bound for their native country.
While they admitted that it was a mis
fortune and caused general regret they
seemed to be by no means downcast be
cause of the mishap.
"On the contrary," said one of the lead
ing Cubans of the city, "we are ready to
make still greater efforts in behalf of the
struggle to free our country. We Cubans
have to purchase vessels, arms, everything
under difficulties. Such purchases must
be made and very quietly. . We are there
fore exposed to deception. Those who
purchased the Hawkins were evidently
deceived regarding her seaworthiness."
THREE FESSELS ' GET AWAY.
Expeditions Secretly Fitted Out in Con
• : '"' ';:" ■■ necticut. **" -■ * " :.■■■: ■■■■■-:
"NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 28.-
Register to-night says:* - : 7y"f;
\ It is asserted this afternoon on the high
est authority that" three vessels for the
Cuban insurgents had been fitted up on the
coast of Long Island, only a short distance
from this city, and sent safely to the island
loaded down with arms and supplies for
the insurgents' cause. For several months
the work of fitting out the craft has been
in progress and it was stated that the last
vessel was a brigantine and left its port on
the coast only a month ago.
The vessels 1 have been able to
make such an unsuspected escape
through the ' fact that the Govern
ment authorities were watching for
them at the New York end of the Sound,
while the boats slipped away by Montauk
Point and New London. The main value
of the supplies for the Cuban cause lay in
the arms } shipped. These were obtained,
it was stated, from the manufacturers in
this vicinity and were transported to the
objective point on the coast quietly, where
they were taken on. board the boat and
got away later. The insurgents have
found, it is said, nearly as many and as
willing hands in executing the mission as
the slaves found in the celebrated under
ground railway before the war.
HEP ARTS FOR CUBA.
General Weyler on the Way With Other
Spanish leaders.
CADIZ, Spain, Jan. 28.— General Weyler,
the newly appointed * captain-gen of
Cuba, sailed hence to-day for Havana. He
was accompanied by Generals Ahumada,
Barges, Ochando, Bernal, Arolas and Mel
guizo.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 28.— An official
report of an encounter between the
columns of Generals Sinares and Aldecoa
and the rebels under command of Maximo
Gomez locates the latter near at Guanajay,
to the west of Havana. Heretofore it has
been reported that Gomez was to ■ the east
of : the railway running from Havana to
Batabano, but it now appears that he is a
considerable distance to the westward of
the railroad. ;A:-77A-T7y
A detachment of troops attacked a body
of rebels on the Santa Lucia estate yester
day. The troops used cannon, which
caused the rebels to make a hasty retreat.
Employes of the estate say that the rebels
sustained many losses. . The Spaniards
lost twelve killed or wounded.
Gomez is supposed 'to have crossed the
railway, line near * Quivocan, . going west,
and thence through the country near
Seborucal toward the northern part of
Pinar del Rio.,
. General Pando reports that in an engage
ment with rebel bands in the province of
Matanzas the Spaniards lost five killed.
The rebel loss is unknown. T"*T
PRIVATE FUNERAL VICE.
Only Members of the Jiunyon Family and
■ Htplomats 'Present. :
BERLIN. Germany, Jan. 28.— private
funeral service was held at the residence
of the late Embassador Runyon to-day,* at
which no one was present except the mem
bers of the family and the staffs of the
American embassy and consulate.
■:';■ Mrs. Runyon, who is nearly prostrate
with grief, was ' led into ■ the ' room by her
son-in-law, Mr. Haskiris.' Her condition
is causing her. friends much anxiety.
After the * service the , coffin was placed
in >a ' vault jin the * American church
in the presence of the staff of .'the embassy
and consulate. There was no service at
the vault except ; a special prayer by the
Rev. Mr. Dickie "of s St. George's Church.
7F. * Zimmermann, United 7 States Vice-
Consul-General, '■'' watched > over ' the' body
last night.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HUNTINGTON'S
HANDY HELPERS.
Will Rally to His Banner
in the Fight for the
Charter.
THEIR RECORDS KNOWN.
"Old Smoothing Iron" Did Some
Clever Work for 7 the
Magnate.
READY FOR A STRONG LOBBY.
Californians Expected to Join in the
Battle Before the Kentucky
Legislature.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 28.— 0f course
C.*P. Huntington does not read the Louis
ville Courier- Journal everyday all the way
through, but he always manages, through
the watchmen that he has at every point
of danger, to keep well posted as to what is
going on concerning his interests. When,
therefore, he learned that an article had
appeared in the paper giving a synopsis of
an address sent out to the people of Ken
tucky by the Mayor of San Francisco, call
ing upon them to repeal the charter of the
Southern Pacific Company, he felt called
upon to say something in his own de
fense/ In his reply, published in Mr. Wat
terson's journal to-day, Mr. Huntington,
among other things, says:
The men who assisted me in getting the char
ter and allowed their names to be used in that
connection were honorable men and their fel
low-citizens very well know that such men as
Henry D. McHenry, General John Echols and
their associates would not do anything dishon
orable. They knew what the purpose was, and
the charter has never been used for any other
purpose. ,' " ; ".'-.,*-.V"-'
Now, in regard to those gentlemen to
whom Mr. Huntington refers as assisting
him in getting the Southern Pacific char
ter. Henry D. McHenry is dead. Nothing
further need be said of him. therefore,
than that he was one of the incorporators
of the old Elizabethtown and Paducah
Railroad, which had become bankrupt,
and about the time of the organization of
the Southern Pacific Company passed into
the hands of Mr. Huntington and his
associates and is now operated by him as
a part of the Newport News and Missis
sippi Valley Railroad, which forms the
link in the Southern Pacific's transcon
tinental system' from Louis rille to Mem
phis, Term. Mr. McHenry was at the time
a member of the Democratic National
committee and a man of great influence in
the State.
General John Echols, next mentioned,
has been \ the . general manager jof Mr.
Huntington's interests in Kentucky ever
since he obtained control of the Newport
News and Mississippi Valley Railroad, and
he is the second vice-president of that
organization. He is no tyro in dealing
with legislators in the matter of charters,
and on account of his suave and facile
ways of managing things goes in this city
by the sobriquet of "Old Smoothing
iron,' ' which he acquired at the time Mr.
Huntington obtained the Short Route
Transfer Railroad along tbe river front in
this city.
Previous to his coming to Louisville he
had charge of Mr. Huntington's Chesa
peake and Ohio Railroad, from tidewater
to Huntington, W. Va. He has been con
nected with Mr. Huntington's interests
ever since 1868. '
Of the other incorporators of the South
ern Pacific Company two certainly were
incorporators of the . bankrupt Elizabeth
and Paducah Railroad. One of them—
Samuel Cox— had been associated with Mr.
Huntington in various enterprises for
years previous. That these gentlemen
were not entirely disinterested in getting
the charter for Mr. Huntington's So uthern
Pacific Company is well known in Louis
ville. They were working for their own
interests and their master's.
The part of Mr. Huntington's letter
stating that they desired a charter in a
State where the laws were stable is rather
amusing to people who know the facts.
The ease with which sucn a charter could
be got in this State at that time is well
proved by the number of such acts passed
by the various State Legislatures from the
date of the war up to 1890— several thou
sand in number.
As indicated yesterday Mr. Hunting
ton's forces are gathering at Frankfort to
fight the Goebel bill.
General Basil W. Duke, James P. Helm
and St. John Boyle went up yesterday. The
first named is regularly retained by the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad; the
second is a prominent railroad attorney
frequently employed by Mr. Huntington,
and the last is one of the receivers of the
Ohio Valley Railroad, controlled by Mr.
Huntington.
H. E. Queen of Covington, a fellow
townsman of Goebel and one of Hunting
ton's main dependents, is also there- with
others skilled in such work.
California should not waste any time.
Delay 7 will put' the golden opportunity
beyond her reach.
WITH A BROKEN SHAFT.
The Steamer Catatonia Towed to the
Azores White Disabled.
; NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.-The White
Star line freight steamer Cevic, which ar
rived from Liverpool this morning, passed
the Cunard line steamer Catalonia, Janu
ary 22, 1000 miles from Fastnet, in distress,
with, her shaft broken. Her captain de
sired to be towed to Boston, but Captain
Nicol of the Cevic declined, because of the
great distance, and he felt that Ihe could
not afford to turn back and tow her to Ire
land. "*
LONDON, E\g., Jan. 28.— The Cunard
line steamer Catalonia, from Liverpool for
Boston, towed to St. Michael, Azores,
to-d?y with a broken shaft by the steamer
Braunschweig, from Bremen for • New
&W_%____\__2
NOW BEFORE THE
SUPREME COURT
Argument Commenced in
the Suit Against Stan
•ford's Estate.
CONTENTION OF COUNSEL
Government Attorneys Set Forth
the Liability of Railroad
Stockholders.
OBLIGATIONS OF AIDED LINES.
Mr. Choate Says That the Senator's
Widow Is Not Responsible for
Any Indebtedness.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.—Argu
ment was heard to-day by the Supreme
Court of the United States in the famous
suit brought by the United States against
the estate of the late Senator Stanford of
California, as a stockholder in the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, to establish his
liability for the debts of that corporation
to the Government. Among the auditors
was Mrs. Stanford, to whom the determ
ination of the litigation means much.
Among other Californians noticed were
Senator Perkins, Colonel John P. Irish,
Hon. Tirey L. Ford and George H. Max
well of San Francisco, Thomas H. Bond" of
Lockport and Senator Stewart, besides
Russell Wilson of counsel for Mrs. Stan
ford. Many ladies were present, some of
them being personal friends of Mrs. Stan
ford. The argument was opened by Assist
ant Attorney Dickinson and will
be closed by Solicitor-General Conrad.
Mrs. Stanford was represented by Joseph
H. Choate of New York. The suit was
originally begun in the Circuit Court of
the United States for the Southern District
of California, the -demand being for the
sum of $15,237,000. Both in that court and
in the Circuit Court of Appeals the Gov
ernment was defeated and the case comes
to the Supreme Court of the United States
by appeal from the judgment of the Court
of Appeals against the United States.
The Assistant Attorney-General and So
licitor-General in their argument stated
that the liability sought to be enforced
was created by the law of California, which
it was insisted bound stockholders of cor
porations to answer personally for their
debts in proportion to their holdings of
capital stock. Mr. Stanford was a stock
holder in the Central Pacific Railroad
Company and the Western pacific Rail
road Company, two California corporations
chartered in 1861 and 1862 respectively, and
consolidated by authority of California in
1870 under the name of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company.
It was alleged that these companies be
came indebted to the United States for
bonds of the United States which were
loaned to these companies under the
United States statutes of July 1, 1862. to
aid them in building their railroads; that
the companies became obligated to pay
the United States the amount of these
bonds at their maturity, together with all
ot the interest upon the same, and that all
of the same was an existing indebtedness to
the United States. The bonds loaned to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company of Cali
fornia amounted to $25,885,120; those
loaned to the Western Pacific Railroad
Company amounted to $1,970,560. . All
were thirty-year bonds, bearing interest at
6 per cent. The first four installments of
the bonds loaned to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of California," amount
ing to $2,36:.,000, have matured, and have
been paid by the United States, and all of
the interest which accrued up to the filing
of the bill has likewise been laid by the
United States, and no part of the principal
or interest has been paid by the corpora
tion. It was alleged that the United States
was bound to pay and would pay. all of
said remaining bonds and interest at
maturity; that the indebtedness to the
United States on account' of those bonds
loaned to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company of California would amount to
$60,000,000, and that on account of those
loaned to the "Western Pacific Railroad
'Company to $5,489,560; that (he said rail
roads were insolvent, were covered by a
paramount mortgage exceeding their
value, and that the United States has no
remedy except against the stockholders of
said company.
The contention by the Government was
that the railroad company became indebt
ed to the United States in the amount of
the bonds issued to them and were per
sonally obligated to nay the same with
interest; that the constitution of the State
of California imposed upon each stock
holder an enforceable personal obligation
for a proportion of all debts and liabili
ties; that the constitution, supplemented
by section 12 of the act of 1861,. under
which the companies in question were in
corporated, fixed a definite liability ; that
by no act of the United States, through
either of its departments of government,
was an intent or purpose manifested to
absolve the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany from the obligations assumed by the
companies or from liability imposed upon
their stockholders, and that nothing can
be found in the course of dealing between
the United States and the Central Pacific
Company to support the inference or
justify the conclusion that the United
States in any manner relinquished or
waived the security afforded by the per
sonal liability of the stockholders.
Mr. Choate, in his argument in behalf of
the defendant, Mrs. Jane Stanford, execu
trix of the will of her deceased husband,
referred to the basis and magnitude of the
suit, saying the magnitude of the claim
was wholly unparalleled. The bill de
manded $15,000,000 against the defendant
and involved the claim of an equal amount
against each of the three associates of the
defendant's testator, amounting to a total
sum of $60,000,000 against four individuals,
solely by reason of their having held stock
in the Central Pacific Railroad Company
and its constituent companies. The de
fense to the suit was based upon four prin
cipal grounds, in support of which it was
argued :
First— The successive acts of Con
gress relating to the Union and Central
Pacific railroads are to be read to
gether, and so read they demonstrate
that Congress intended them to cover,
control and regulate the entire
relations of the Government to all of the
companies, with respect to the subsidy
bonus, without reference to the laws of
any State; that the companies were re
spectively created and adopted as govern
mental instruments for a great National
purpose, in the accomplishment of which
they were to be subject to the . control of
the Federal Government; that in respect
to that purpose the functions, obligations
and liabilities of all the companies were to
be equal and identical, and that as to both
companies the Government looked to the
companies alone for the performance of all
that the acts imposed, and did.not con
template, rely upon or intend the personal
liability of the stockholders of either, but,
on the contrary, did intend that in respect
to the subsidy bonds there should be no
liability of the stockholders of either com
pany to the Government. V*-V"'V '■'.'"•'::'"
Decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States in support of this assertion
were quoted at great length. Ap.>. .[/.'.
Second— ln addition to the fact that no
individual liability was imposed by the
acts of Congress, the estate of Senator
Stanford was also certainly free from any
individual liability for the subsidy bonds
by the law of California in force at the
time of the passage of the act of 1862, which
provided the terms on which the bonds
were to be issued, and also at the time of
the issue of the bonds, from 1865 to 1869.
Third— But even the qualified liability
of stockholders for contracts of the
corporation did not exist under the
constitution and laws of California at
the time of the contract between
the United States and the company,
evidenced by the act of Congress of July
1, 1862, and the written acceptance of its
conditions by the railroad company. At
that time there was no liability of stock
holders whatever, as the Supreme Court
of California has uniformly held. As the
rights of the United States must and do
depend wholly upon that contract, and as
no liability of stockholders to the Govern
ment under the contract could be imposed
by any subsequent legislation of Califor
nia, the bill sets forth no cause of action
whatever.
Fourth ßut, in fact, by the true con
struction of the acts of Congress there was
no obligation on the part of the Union
and Central Pacific companies to repay
the moneys represented by the subsidy
bonds except in the manner and by the
method agreed upon in the act, which im
posed a statutory lien for the subsidy
bonds without personal liability, and
made the grant of the bonds, as well as
everything else granted, upon condition
merely without personal covenant, prom
ise or obligation to repay otherwise than
in the manner prescribed by the act.
The Government was not dealing with
these parties merely as a money-lender
seeking security and interest. In effect, in
reality, In providing for these great Na
tional enterprises, the Government was
participating, in a certain sense, with
those parties whom it called to its aid to
effect this great National work. The Gov
ernment was to gain great advantages —
right to transmit its dispatches, the right
to send its troops and munitions of
war and other material over the road and
the right to control the operation of the
company in fixing its iares and freights
under certain conditions specified in the
act. It protected its own interests in the
most ample and complete manner. It
could enforce all rights that the
extremest advocate on the part of
the Government could have suggested
at the time of the framing of these
acts, that it would be proper or wise or
advantageous for the Government to have.
All these rights the Government had and
it provides specifically and in detail just
how those rights should be carried out.
No bonds could be wasted. They could
not be taken by the company or squan
dered for its purposes, because the act was
carefully guarded in this respect.
There must be a certificate by the proper
officer of the Government that forty
miles had been nroperly constructed be
fore the bonds of the Government could
be issued therefor. Thus the Government
provided that every dollar which it ad
vanced, every dollar of those subsidy bonds,
should go into the performance of this
work, into the creation of this railroad in
which the Government was so largely and
beneficially interested, as it were, as a part
proprietor by virtue of the rights it re
served in the road.
Mr. Choate will continue his argument
to-morrow.
RAILROADS ARE STUBBORN
Will Not Extend Time on the
Tickets to the Grand Army
Encampment.
Knights of ' Pythias Also Refused a
Low Rate to the Conclave at
Minneapolis.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 28.— St. Paul's re
quest for an extension of the return limit
for Grand Army encampment tickets was
acted upon unfavorably to-day by the
general passenger agents of the Chicago-
St. Paul lines at the special meeting of the
Western Passenger Association. Com
mander-in-chief Walker was officially in
formed by Chairman Caldwell's letter that
the lines "were unable to reach an agree
ment providing for any change from the
original limit. The general sentiment of
the interested lines was that a proper pro
tection of their interests made it imprac
ticable to grant the desired extension."
Mr. Caldwell could not say the senti
ment was unanimous because more than
one of the lines which enter St. Paul
favored a compromise of twenty days,
notably the Great Western, which was the
first to commit itself at Louisville to a one
cent a mile rate if the encampment was
taken to St. Paul. This road may still be
the entering wedge for all the" reads to
give an extension by giving the required
ten days' notice of such intention. * The
prospect, however, is darkened by the as
surance given to the ' Western roads by
the Central Traffic Association roads that
they will not give a thirty days' extension.
The Grand Army officers are also said to
be handicapped in their threat to remove
the encampment to Eastern railroad ter
ritory by the definite assurance given by
the Central Traffic, or rather the new Joint
Traffic Association roads that neither a
one-cent rate nor thirty days' extension
will be given the G. A. R. to hold the en
campment in Buffalo. The Western offi
cials gay they " cannot afford to do more
than they have offered, and that the Grand
Army people are always asking for unrea
sonable privileges.
The Western passenger, agents at their
meeting also took ' adverse, action on the
request of ; the Knights of Pythias .to give
them a one-cent rate for the conclave to be
held in Minneapolis this year. The manipu
lation of party rates/which threaten to
dissolve the passenger part of the traffic
agreement of the Chicago-St. Paul lines,
was seriously discussed by the agents at
the same meeting. All voted to instruct
Chairman Caldwell to communicate with
each road to effect a unanimous agreement
regarding the solution of the problem,
which will likely be the abolition of rates,
with a reservation in favor -of theatrical
companies.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
BURNING WORDS
IN THE SENATE.
Turpie Cries Out Against
the Crimes of the
Turks.
CAUSE OF CHRISTIANITY.
Sway of the Sword Should Be
Checked by Most : Drastic *
Measures. -
THURSTON ONMONEOE DOCTRINE
/______:■
In Discussing the Debs Case Allen
Lays the Lash on Judge
Woods.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 28.— There
were three speeches made in the Senate
to-day on the House bond bill, with the
free coinage substitute,, reported from the
Committee on Finance. Two ,of them
were in favor of the substitute and one
against it. The former were made by
Senators Clark (R.) of Wyoming and
Voorhees (D.) of Indiana; the latter by
Senator Gray (D.) of Delaware. , '
Notice of an amendment was given by
Teller (R.) of Colorado, requiring the pay
ment of '<■ National* bank notes in coin,
when presented for redemption at the
bank of issue. An ineffectual effort was
made to have unanimous consent given to
have the bill voted on next Thursday. The l
objection came from Hill (D.) of New
York.
Turpie (D.) of Indiana, in presenting a
memorial on the subject of the Armenian
horrors, indulged in a . fierce invective
against the Sultan and Mahommedanism,
and Thurston (R.) of Nebraska made an
equally strong representation in favor of
the maintenance of the Monroe doctrine.
The speech was applauded at various
points.
In presenting a petition in regard to the
Armenians Turpie (D.) of Indiana spoke of
the recent outrages upon them and said
that the only charge against them — their
only crime— was being Christians.
The time had come, he --aid, when an
official notification should be given to Tur
key and to the Mohammedan church that
they must cease to proselytize by the
sword. The sway of the Turk, he said,
was only endured and supported on ac
count of those international jealousies that
clustered around the trans-Atlantic seg
ment of the Mediterranean called the bal
ance of power in Europe.
The Turks ought to be notified that they
must erase from their book of discipline
that practice of the Mohammedan church
which makes use of arson 'and
murder to suppress the , Christian
faith. And he would have that
notification followed by a shot which
would go crashing through the grand
seraglio. He was in favor of giving "the
sick man" of the Bosphorus the coup de
grace and of ending his life and system by
dissolution and destruction. It was time
that those murderers and assassins should
know "Him who was born to the world at
Bethlehem and was raised at Nazareth,
and that when he comes again to punish
such wretches as those he brings with him
not peace but a sword." **7, './,- ///A.
Mr. Turpie spoke with intense vehe
mence and bitterness, and his speech at
tracted marked attention. T^U;;^;
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska gave notice of
an amendment to the bond and free-coin
age depriving the Secretary of the
Treasury of the power to issue bonds or
other interest-bearine obligations of the
Government, unless Congress shall first
declare a necessity therefor. .■,,„.'•';'
The resolution heretofore offered by
Call (D.) of Florida for a special com
mittee to investigate the case of the im
prisonment of Eugene V. Debs for con
tempt of court was laid before the Senate,
and Call said that he had ■ offered the reso
lution at the request of a labor association,
Hill (D.) of New York said that ordin
arily be had very great respect for the
laboring people of the United States, but
was not aware of a communication from
the laboring people asking the Senate for
the proposed investigation. . If it was to
be made he thought it should be by one of
the standing committees of the Senate.
He, therefore, offered an amendment in
structing the Judiciary . Committee to in
vestigate the whole subject of contempts
of court as enforced by Federal courts. -
Call opposed the amendment and spoke
of the standing committees of the Senate
as the sepulchres of popular movements
for reform and of Eugene V. Debs as "a
great leader, a man of power and a railroad
man." •_**
Hill argued that, as the question in
volved was a judicial one, it should be re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. Be
sides, he said, the Debs case had already
been decided in the Supreme Court to the
effect that his imprisonment was legal. ' *
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska asserted that
the Supreme Court had done nothing of
the kind; it had merely decided that the
writ of habeas corpus did not apply to the
case*. He added that if the Senator from
New York knew anything "about this man
Woods (the United States Circuit Judge
who had imprisoned Debs), if he knew the
stain that hung upon him when he was
appointed as a reward for political trick
ery," the Senator would not give much for
his decision. -
Hill said that he was not called upon to
criticize Judge Woods' decision. It was
enough for him that Debs had appealed to
the highest court of the United States and
had obtained no reiiet.
In the course of further discussion Allen
said that he could not help . being im
pressed with the thought that the Senate
was organized "riot to do business. ". T7'
Gordon (D.) 'of Georgia reminded : the
Senators that the hour had arrived when
the Senator from Nebraska (Thurston)
was to address the Senate. • -A. ;/::;■
The Call. resolution was thereupon laid
aside Thurston (R.) of ■■ Nebraska ad
dressed the Seriate on the question of the
Monroe doctrine. 7 77-
Thurston said that the adoption of the
resolution, reported ; by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs would present a great in
ternational issue which might hold much
of menace to the world's peace. He could
not assume these responsibilities, and dare
not vote for the resolution without first
submitting A some . of the reasons which
seemed to \ make .7 the -path 'of duty plain.
Were there nothing at stake but a mere ad
justment of a boundary line between Ven
ezuela and British Guiana he 7 should
hesitate long before voting to com
mit this 'Government to any interference.
But the present question rose high
above any Venezuelan dispute. ; The Brit
ish Prime Minister had seen lit to officially
declare that the Monroe doctrine . had no
place in the law of nations -and was not
accepted or recognized by the European
powers. The challenge thus broadly
thrown down by Great Britain must be
taken up by this Republic or the Monroe
doctrine was a thing of tbe past. .The
British position bluntly; almost insolently
stated by Lord Salisbury had been reassert
ed upon this floor, clothed in the splendid
rhetoric of the Senator from Colorado.
He agreed with that Senator that this was
no time to stir up public passion ; to appeal
to any prejudice: that might exist against
England ; to fan the flame of any incipient
war sentiment. But he insisted that this
was a time of all. others to call forth the
highest expression of loyalty and devotion
to American institutions; that this was
the supreme hour for a dignified*, positive
and solemn declaration of the American
purpose, clearly, . calmly, deliberately
stated.
Thurston said it was not his purpose to
treat this subject historically or to review
the events which Jed to the assertion of
this American policy in the message of
President Monroe. He could add nothing
in that respect to the exhaustive presenta
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts
(Lodge).
"I am not unmindful," he continued,
"of the seriousness and gravity of the po
litical: situation. We are calling a halt
upon that settled policy of aggression and
dominion which characterized the exten
sion of the British empire from the hour
in which her first adventurous prow turned
to unknown seas. The history of the
English people is an almost unbroken
series of; military achievements. Great
Britain has cleared her pathway into every
corner of the earth with the naked sword ;
she has acquired and held her vast posses
sions by force of arms; she has mastered
and subjugated the people of every zone;
her navies are upon every sea, her armies
in every clime. No nation can lightly
challenge her purposes or arouse her stub
born pride. But does this furnish any
reason why Americans should abandon
any settled policy of the United States or
retire from any position which the honor
of this Republic and the welfare of Amer
ica require that we should assume?
"Great Britain has mistaken the temper
of the people of this country in the past
as she mistakes it now. The English people
profess to believe that they can weaken
our purpose and compel us to abandon the
Monroe doctrine by threast and demon
strations against American securities
and American commercial interests. We
solemnly advise them that our foreign
policy is not a matter of exchange or bar
ter, and no financial panic can ever induce
us for a single moment to lower the stand
ard of our National honor.'
"Sir, believing that the honor of my
country is involved, that the hour calls for
the highest expression of loyalty and pa
triotism; calmly confident of the verdict
of posterity; reverently calling God. to
witness the sincerity of ray purpose, I
shall vote for the resolution reported by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I shall
vote for it, not as an affront to any other
nation, but to uphold the dignity of my
own. I shall vote for it in this time of
profound tranquillity, convinced that peace
with, honor can be preserved.- But, sir,
I would vote for it just as surely were we
already standing in the awful shadow of
declared war. I would vote for it were the
shells of British battle-ships bursting
above the dom# of the. "Nation's Capitol.
I would vote for it arid would maintain it
at all hazards and at any cost with the last
dollar— the last. man. Yea, though
it might presage the coming of a mighty
conflict whose conclusion should leave me
without a son, as the last great contest left
me without a sire." V V 7 "]
Mr. Thurston's speech, although pre- !
pared and in type, wis 'delivered without ;
reference to the print or notes. ..The clear, j
ringing tones" in which it was declaimed, \
the unquestioned sincerity of the orator I
and the advanced position assumed by I
him, attracted attention and won admira- !
tion from the Senators on both sides of the
chamber and from large crowds in the '
galleries. The peroration was greeted j
with a round of applause.
At 2 o'clock the Vice-President laid
before the Senate the House bond bill and
the free-coinage substitute.
Jones (D.) of Arkansas, who has parlia
mentary charge of the bill, tried to have !
an understanding arrived at by which the j
bill should be voted on* next Thursday.
Various suggestions were made and modi- I
fications offered, but objection was inter- I
posed by Hill' (D.) of New York, who said
that he knew several Senators who desired
to speak, and he could not consent to the j
agreement until they had an opportunity j
to present their views. He expressed the !
hope, however, that a vote might be had j
on Thursday.
._. - ■
. Jones then gave notice that he would
ask the Senate to remain in session next
Thursday until a vote was reached. .
Wolcott (R.) of Colorado expressed the
hope that the physical test would not be
applied. He had heard it said again and
again that it was. the silver people (so
called) who were endeavoring to stave off
a vote on the bond question; but now it
was seen that it was Senators from the.
East who were procrastinating, and who
were willing to postpone the vote.
Hill asked whether the Senator, from
Colorado { referred to him -as trying to
postpone the vote.
"Certainly- not," said Wolcott, sarcasti
cally. "How could I accuse the Senator
of that when he has just been on the floor
asking for further time." [Laughter.]
Teller (R.) of Colorado gave notice of an
amendment which he. would offer to the
substitute, providing that after the Ist of
July, 1896, all National bank notes shall be
redeemed in coin when : presented to the
banks issuing them, and that banks failing
so to redeem them shall be dissolved. ■'.-;
Clark (R.) of Wisconsin addressed the
Senate in advocacy of the free-coinage
substitute. T
Voorhees (D.) of Indiana next addressed
the Senate, also .in j support of the free
col**age substitute. The country, he said,
was in the midst of a, revolution, brought
on by those who plotted against silver. He
characterized as revolutionists the men
who demonetized silver in 1873? *
Voorhees went on to criticize Sherman's
financial record, remarking that the Sena
tor from Ohio believed in "sound money!'
for Wall street, but : not for the soldiers.
The gold withdrawals of the : j last t year, l
Voorhees said, was part of the conspiracy
to compel ; the ; issue of i. interest- bearing
bonds. Ruin had followed in the train of
demonetization. p.;-
Speaking of the Sherman act :he desig
nated it as "the celebrated arid ill-omened
act." Never .before, 7he 7 said, 7 had a
member of a parliamentary body r found
himself compelled, as Senator Sher
man had, to assist in putting to
death his ■ own offspring. i That act had
stood openly confessed ;as an unnatural
monster and as a menace to commercial
prosperity. The act repealing the silver
purchase clause had declared it -to; be the"
policy of the United States to 7 maintain
the use of both gold and silver as standard
money, and to coin both gold; and silver
into • money of equal intrinsic ; and ex
changeable value. That policy had received
the: sanction of both Houses of Congress
and had : been' approved by the Execu
tive on November 1, 1893. There
it stood and wojld stand for
ever. That doctrine has been indorsed
and upheld ;. by all the great names in
American history, from George Washing
ton to Abraham Lincoln.: The giants of
other days were all one way on that ques
tion, just as the people 'were, to-day. No
citizen of the United States could be bene
fited by the banishment of silver, its
degradation and destruction, unless He
was the owner and holder of idle money
which he desired to invest in cheap laoor,
in property at half its value or to loan it
at usurious rates of interest.
In conclusion he declared that the Dem
ocratic party grappled with every ques
tion which affected the present welfare of
the people. ' -"
Gray (D.) of Delaware argued against
the free-coinage substitute and in favor of
the proposed bond issue. "Why, he asked,
should not the treasury notes be perma
nently-retired? Why not divorce the
Government from the banking business?
and why not provide a measure of value
the most stable that the civilized world
could command?
After speaking for some two hours, Gray
was catechized by George (D.) of Missis
sippi as to his attitude in regard to the
international coinage of silver. Gray ex
cused himself from going into that ques
tion, as he said he- had sufficiently ex
pressed his views .on that point while the
Senator from Mississippi was joying his
nap." [Laughter.] But ne declared him
self in favor. of relieving the treasury from
its unnatural and obnormal banking func
tions; of retiring the greenbacks and of
•restoring the treasury to its natural and
old-time functions. .:■*.■; 7 :,_;..' ■?'
Teller (R.) of Colorado denied one of
Gray's contentions that gold had not ap
preciated in recent years, and asserted
that the best authorities of the world
agreed that there had been an apprecia
tion of gold from 30 to 40 per cent. .
Resolutions expressive of regret at the
death of Frederick Reymann, late Repre
sentative-elect from Illinois, were pre
sented by Palmer (D.) of lilinois and
agreed to, and at 5:45 o'clock the 7 Senate
adjourned until to-morrow.
SESSION Of THE HOUSE,
Passage of the Diplomatic and Consular
Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.— In the
House to-day Fletcher (R.) of Minnesota
called up and the House passed the bill
granting right of way to the Brainerd and
Northern Minnesota Railroad through the
Leech Lake and Chippewa Indian reserva
tions in Minnesota.
A joint resolution was passed author
izing officers and enlisted men of the
army to wear the badge of that organiza
tion on all occasions of public ceremony.
A spirited colloquy, in which Dockery
(D.) of Missouri, Richardson (D.)of Ten
nessee, Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania and
Miles (D.) of Maryland participated,
occurred over a resolution providing for an
extra employe in the document-room, at
the end of which the resolution was
agreed to.
On motion of Hitt (R.) of Illinois the
House went into a committee of the whole,
with Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio in the chair,
and took up the diplomatic and consular
appropriation bill. Hitt explained the
provisions of the bill, which, as McCreary
(D.) of Kentucky stated, was with a few
necessary conditions the same bill that is
on the statrite-books for the current year.
McCreary added that in his opinion
every change made in the bill was essen
tial to the welfare of the public service,
and that the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs unanimously agreed to the report.
The bill was passed with only one amend
ment making the appropriation for the re
lief and protection of American seamen in
foreign countries apply to those who may
be shipwrecked on the coast of Alaska.
On motion of Payne (R.) of New York,
the Seriate bill was passed authorizing
the Secretary of State to invite the dele
gates to the International Marine Confer
ence to reconvene in order to further con
sider the code of rules of the road at sea.
By unanimous consent a bill introduced
by Grow (R.) of Pennsylvania, was read
and referred to the Committee on Educa
cation. It appropriated $100,000 for edu
cation of persons, so that they shall be
qualified to teach deaf children to under
stand speech. .
• Hadley (K.) of Illinois announced the
decease on July 14, last, of Frederick Rie
mann, his predecessor from the Eighteenth
District, and as a mark of respect the
House at 2:35 o'clock adjourned until to
morrow.
SUFFRAGE IS DEMANDED.
* -
Decided Stand Taken by the
Leaders at the Woman's
\.]' Congress.
A Delegation Appears Before the
Senate Committee and Argues
an Amendment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jam 28.-A dele
gation numbering nearly 200 ladies this
morning appeared before the Senate Com
mittee on Woman Suffrage, of which Mr.
Call of Florida is chairman, and some
twenty of them, presidents of as many
State organizations, argued in favor of
universal suffrage and the adoption of an
amendment to the constitution extending
the voting franchise to the gentler sex.
At its session this afternoon the National
Woman Suffrage Association adopted reso
lutions demanding suffrage for all Ameri
can citizens of the United States — women
and men— reasonable conditions,
tamable by all as a right and not as a priv
ilege, and rejoicing in the admission of
Utah into the Union as a third woman
suffrage State.
7 The resolutions also demand State, and
National legislation that mothers shall
have equal custody : and control ..with
fathers over their minor children.
This U. evening's session closed the
Woman's Suffrage; Convention. Speeches
were made by Rev. Anna Howard :, Shaw,
Lillie Devereux Blake, Harriet May Mills,
Emma Smith Devoe ; and Annie L. Diggs
of : Kansas. The. closing remarks were
made by Miss Anthony.
The executive committee will meet to
morrow and will decide upon the time and
place for the next meeting.
Meeting of Eastern Lines.
! p NEW YORK, N. V., : Jan 28.—Commis
sioner Midgley of the Middle Traffic Asso
ciation has; called 'a. meeting of all the
lines east and west of the Missouri {to be
held in Chicago to-morrow to consider the
complaint of the Southern Pacific Railroad
against * the ' lines '* east " of the A Missouri
exacting 15 per i cent of the through rates
of products t carried „ between California
and St. Paul, Minneapolis and adjacent
territory.
AFTER THE VOTE
ON FREE COINAGE
When the House Tariff Bill
Will Be Reported to
the Senate.
HEAE3) IN COMMITTEE.
An Understanding Reached Before
the Democratic Members -
Arrived. .
JONES OF NEVADA IS FIRM.
' ' *•' •*
Will Not.Give His Vote on the Measure
Until the Silver Substitute Is
Considered.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 28.— The
tariff bill will not be reported to tbe Sen
ate until after the vote has been taken in
the Senate on the free coinage substitute to
the House bond bill. The Finance Com
mittee did not take the bill up for consid
eration this morning, in fact it was not re
ferred to at the full meeting, but an under
standing was reached before the Demo
cratic members' arrived at the committee
room. It is apparent that Jones of Ne
vada notified his Republican associates
that he would not give them the vote nec
essary to report the bill until the free sil
ver substitute of the Senate had been
clinched. Immediately after this has been
done the Committee on Finance be able
to report the tariff bill.
A number of matters pending before the
committee were discussed, but no action
was taken. Among the more important
of these subjects was the House joint reso
lution, directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause the immediate destruc
tion of all income-tax resolutions and all I
records and statements relative thereto
which passed the House January 20.
The committee also considered Dubois'
bill to facilitate the collecting of revenue
by * providing for the construction and
equipment of sampling works for the sam
pling and assaying of imported silver ores
and other ores containing lead, etc. Both
of these were referred to a sub-committee
for further investigation.
Much of the time of the committee was
consumed in an informal discussion of the
compromise suggested by Gorman as a'
substitute to be reported from the Commit
tee on Conference after the House bond
bill with the Senate free-silver substitute
gets into conference. This proposition, as
indicated in these dispatches of yesterday,
contemplates the issuance of $500,000,000 of
gold bonds with which to retire the Gov
ernment's present gold obligations (green
backs and treasury notes); the declaration
that all bonds now outstanding, regardless
of the provisions of these obligations,
shall be made payable in gold, and the
opening of the United States mints to the
free and unlimited coinage of silver. This
proposition found few friends in the com
mittee.
Vest was vigorous in his opposition, and
other Democratic Senators opposed it be
cause it authorized the issue of gold bonds
and provided for the retirement of the
greenbacks. The Republicans were antag
onistic to a man. The argument was made
that this proposition would only work
harm to the country and was intended
more as a political compromise than a
solution of the financial problem. It was
pointed out by one of the "sound money"
Republicans that it meant simply a gold
basis for the bondholders of the country
and a silver basis for every other class, and
upon such: a groundwork Ihe' financial
fabric could not rest securely. "Of course
this discussion was entirely informal, but it
developed enough, to show that such a
proposition would . find few friends and
many powerful enemies in the committee
of the Senate which dominates its finan
cial policy. .7 T/ AT/
CARLISLE AND GORMAN.
Planning to Carry Out the President's
Financial Views.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 28.—Secre
tary Carlisle and, Senator Gorman have
been in close conference on financial mat
ters. During the past *veek the two have
been in almost daily communication.
Rumors are afloat that Senator Gorman
recommends the plan that Secretary Car
lisle once favored, of authorizing the coin
age of all the silver bullion and the
coinage of the seigniorage. This is
coupled with the proposition advocated
by President Cleveland of retiring green
backs and allowing. National banks to
issue notes up to the par value of the
bonds held by them. A color of probabil
ity is j given to these rumors by the fact
that Senator Gorman, chairman of the
Democratic Steering Committee of the
Senate, had , been sounding Senators
within the last few days on the probability
of such a scheme passing the Senate.
NEW TO-DAY.
FENCE IN YOUR HEALTH/
Put Up the Bars and Laugh at
Weakness and Disease.
Thousands of people there are who are
not sick, but every now and then they are
"under the weather." They can't exactly
account for it. Fact is, they are always in •
a condition of half-health. Whenever any
'extra demands are made on their powers
of endurance or resistance of morbific in-
fluences they break down.
Everybody should ' have the greatest
amount of reserve strength— something to
spare for emergencies. v
Peruvian Bitters, used regularly, will give
you; that reserve strength. Its principal
ingredient, the famous Peruvian Bark, is a
■wonderful invigorator. You may get enough
nutrition from your food to carry you
along under, ordinary circumstances, but
Peruvian Bitters will so increase : tho - effi-
ciency of your digestive system as to lay
up something i for "a rainy day"— for a
foggy and windy day, too; will "give , such
tone and vigor to all your vital functions
that such troubles as rheumatism, neu-
ralgia,, colds, malaria, fever, ague, , head-
aches, lassitude, etc., which attack and dis-
able the weak, will be fenced and barred out,
■arid nothing interferes with the full enjoy-
merit of your physical and mental . powers.
T Mack & Co., San Francisco. All drug-
gists and dealers.
Mm,
Moral, i 7 : /y'T
Use the great Hudyan.
You can get it only from the Hudson Medical
Institute.
HUDYAN cures certain forms of nervous dis-
eases, certain forms of liver and kidney trou-
bles, lost manhood, wasting diseases.
Circulars and testimonials free.
HUDSON MEOICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, du_
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
j pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
i old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
! to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
'. the old physicians of the
1 HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St 3.
LIVER When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, Irritable and easily
| discontented. You will notice many symptoms
' that you really have and many that you really
| do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
! it from us. Write for book on liver troubles.
j "•All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEOICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
j many men, because so many men live rapla
I lives— up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
. our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
i sent free. _____
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ei;*s Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
Smashed
— TO —
Smithers
It took nerve, but we've done it! Sim-
ply smashed shoe prices to smithers. Go-
ing to sell out this big overstock of .hoes,
no matter if we get enough to nay for
wrapping them up or not. Prices don't
count. Shoes for Men, Women, Boys and
Girls— at almost your own price.
SULLIVAN'S
18-20=22 FOURTH ST.
Send for our New 1896 Catalogue. FREE.
THESLCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THE
PALAGE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN* UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
t-UPO-TJIJR, V~X
Chinese Tea and Herb L-~ J
Sanitorinin, f^-^-ig
No. 727 Washington St., \*» 3
San Francisco, Cal; \ V**- V
Cor. Brer nam Place, _bova hSts> A
the plaza. /,rb**.
Office Hours: 9to 13, "— <-• »«//_4^N
1 to 4 ami 5 to 7. Sun- •*!&£#■
day, 9 A. M. to 13 M.
Li Fo Tal Jr., son of the famous Ll Po
Tal, has taken his father's buslnesi,
and is, after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
/""H* iJ'tpibbon'sDlspensary,
a Dr. Gibbon's
aj«f»S?s___,S'^
ffiU&gM I "senses. Lost Manhood. DebUltr £
KSEgslif °»ew fal" Try w^^h-SSSL^w
BRUSHES? 11 v&
bookbinders, I >a%&***i^£fi
flyers, flooraUl* r^nsriU. C *__ , f_S
hangi-s, printers, painters, shoe ft£t2£__ £____
■sen, tar-roofers, tenners, UilonLWa ******
«— ».« BUCHANAN BROS
BriunMan^nctnrere.6oBaior»m«toSJ»UNDER CONTROL
OF ONE COURT.
An Important Ruling in
the Northern Pacific
Receiverships.
IT OUSTS MR. BURLEIGH.
With Him Will Go Many Other
Employes of the Railroad
Company.
AS TO PRIMARY JURISDICTION.
It Is Given to the Circuit . Court
of the Eastern District of
Wisconsin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— The
Northern Pacific Railroad receivership
case was disposed of to-day by the Justices
assigned to the several circuits in which
were properties of the company. An or
der was signed by each Circuit Judge for
his circuit. It has been to the several
courts of the Second, Seventh, Eighth and
Ninth circuits. The order is as follows:
"It is ordered that with respect to the
proceeding now being carried on for the
foreclosure of mortgages of the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company the Circuit
Court of the Eastern District of Wisconsin
be regarded as the court of primary ad
ministration and proceedings in this court
are auxiliary in their character and in aid
of the proceedings in the court of primary
administration. This court reserves the
right at any time, upon application of any
person interested, or upon its own motion,
to make such orders and decrees as to it
shall seem just for the protection of cred
itors of the railroad company residing
within its jurisdiction."
Justices Field, Harlan and Brewer pre
pared and united in a memorandum of
conclusions as follows:
"We are of the opinion that proceedings
to foreclose a mortgage placed by a rail
road company upon its lines extending
through more than one district, to the end
that the mortgaged property may be effect
ively administered, be commenced in the
Circuit Court of the district in which the
principal operating offices are situated
and in which there is some material part
of the railroad embraced by the mortgage;
that such court should be the court of pri
mary jurisdiction and principal decree,
and the administration of the property in
the Circuit Courts of other districts should
be auxiliary thereto.
"But in view of what has transpired in
these foreclosure proceedings, especially
in view of the fact that a portion of the
line of the road owned by the Northern
Pacilic Railroad Company was, and is,
within the State of Wisconsin at the time
of the filing of the creditors' bill (in which
the trustee in the mortgage was a co
plaintiff), the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company was operating its road through
the Eastern District oi Wisconsin, al
though that part of its line so operated be
longed to another company and was under
lease to the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company for ninety- years; and
in view of the further fact that
the raiiroad company entered its
appearance and assented to the act of the
Circuit Court for the Eastern District of
Wisconsin in taking jurisdiction, and as
such exercise of jurisdiction has been rec
ognized by the Circuit Court in every dis
trict along the line of the Northern
Pacific Railway and by all parties for the
period of about twenty years, during
which many orders in the course of ad
ministration have been entered — we are of
the opinion that the Circuit Court for the
Eastern District of Wisconsin has juris-
tion to proceed to a decree of foreclosure
which will bind the mortgagor company
and the mortgaged property, and ought,
therefore, to be recognized by the Circuit
Courts of every district along the line of
the railroad as the court of primary juris
diction; and that proceedings in the latter
courts, while protecting the rights of local
creditors, should be auxiliary in their
character and subordinate to the proceed
ings in the court of primary juri«diction.
In expressing these views we are not to be
understood as passing upon the proposi
tion advanced in argument, but not neces
sary to be here considered, that it is com
petent for a Circuit Court of the United
States, by consent of parties, to foreclose
the mortgage of a railroad, no part of
which is within the territorial jurisdiction
of said court."
Justice Brown signed a special memo
randum of his views, which ( was as
follows:
"In view of the doubts suggested regard
ing the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of
the United States for the Eastern District
of Wisconsin to recognize the mortgage in
this case, and of the further fact that the
business offices of this company have been
and are still at St. Paul, I think the Cir
cuit Court for the District of Minnesota
should be treated as the court of primary
jurisdiction. But as the whole object of
the hearing before the Justices assigned to
the four circuits in whicn the property of
the road is located is to secure harmony of
action, I have concluded to waive my per
sonal views in deference to the opinion of
my brethren and to accede to the recogni
tion of the Circuit Court for the Eastern
District of Wisconsin as the court of pri
mary jurisdiction."
JUDGE H AX FORD RETICENT.
£>»<-( i <« to Discuss the Supreme Court's
liuling.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 28.— The Su
preme Court's decision that the tribunal
presided over by Judge Jenkins of Mil-
Veukee for the eastern district of Wiscon
sin is one of primary jurisdiction in the
-natter of the Northern Pacific Railroad re
ceivership came in the nature of a surprise
to railway officials at this end of the line.
Receiver Burleigh had but little to say,
in'] Federal Judge Hanford, who took
._sue with the Milwaukee jurist, holding
.hat Judge Jenkins' was not a court of
iriginal jurisdiction, is still less commu
licative on the subject of his reversal.
"Now is no time for me to talk," his
Honor observed, and when asked if the
jonterapt proceedings begun some time
igo in his . court against ex-Receivers
Dakes, Rouse and Payne were still pend-
Dg. he replied affirmatively, declining to
nake further comment.
Receiver Burleigh said:
"As I understand the situation it leaves
die parties to the Northern Pacific receiver
ship case (the Farmers' Loan and Trust
Company) to apply to the courts of the
Ninth circuit for the appointment of Judge
Jenkins' receivers; also to apply to Judge
Jenkins for any additional order they may
desire in reference to the receivership."
WILL ASSIST REORGANIZATION.
Receiver Higelow Greatly Pleased Wilh
the Decision.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Jan. 28 In Mil
waukee the news of the decision of the
Supreme Court relative to the Northern
Pacific case naturally created a good deal
of interest. Receiver Bigelow said :
"I am naturally delighted with the deci
sion, especially in view of the fact that it
upholds Judge Jenkins in every respect
, and at every "point. In the second place, I
believe the decision is of great importance
and interest to a larce section of the coun
try as well as of great value to the prop
erty interests involved in the road. The
main thing is that it makes one road of the
entire property and does away with all the
unfortunate troubles and drawbacks and
harmonizes all the interests. Yes. it
will undoubtedly greatly assist the
work of reorganization and hasten the end
naturally desired by all— something that
was practically out of the question with
the conditions as they were when the mat
ter was taken before the Supreme Court
Justices. No plan could be carried out
successfully with divided interests.
"The receivers will undoubtedly have
some important orders and changes to
make immediately, now that they are
placed in full charge of the property, but
as to what those orders will be 1 cannot
state just at this time. It is true there
were matters we naturally desired to dis
pose of for the Dest interests of the prop
erty which was not done while the uncer
tainty as to receiverships existed, and now
our work in the matter is made plain. I
cannot say anything further at present re
garding future plans. The receivers will !
desire to see and carefully read the full j
text of the decision and rulings of the j
court before making any move. Until i
then I must be excused from discussing |
plans."
CAUSED A COMMOTION.
Many Officers Will Lose Their Places by
the Ruling.
ST. PAUL, Minx., Jan. 28.— There is
much commotion on the western division
of the Northern Pacific over the decision
rendered to-day by the United States Su
preme Court. It practically ends the re
ceivership of the Washington, Idaho and
Montana division and ends with it all the
officers and Receiver Burleigh. Mr. Bur
leigh himself must go, and with him his
general manager, George W. Dickinson.
A rumor was afloat here at midnight,
that Thomas Lowry of Minneapolis was to
be made the third receiver with McHenry i
and Bigelow. General Manager Kendrick
will be reinstated as general manager of I
the whole system. McHenry will resign I
his position as chief engineer and devote
his whole time to the receivership. It is !
thought Assistant General Manager Pearce
will be sent to Tacoma to take charge of
the western division of the road.
YET HOPES FOR A LIGHT
Gladstone Thinks the Murderous
Acts of the Turks Will
Be Checked.
The English Government Issues Two
Blue Books on Armenian
■ Massacres.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 28.— Mr. Gladstone
has written another letter on the Armen- j
ian question, in which, after referring to ;
the murderous wickedness of the Sultan, ',
his absolute victory over the powers and
their unparalleled disgrace and defeat, he '
says: "I cannot wholly abandon the hone ;
that out of this darkness light will arise,
but the matter rests with the Almighty, to
whom surely all- should address fervent
prayers in behalf of his suffering
creatures."
The Chronicle will to-morrow say that
two blue books on the Armenian massa
cres have been issued by the Government.
The first contains the dispatches between
the Consuls and the diplomats, while the
second gives the proces verbal of the Ar
menian Commission. The blue books.deal
only with theSassoun outrages and do not
mention later reports. The Consuls con-
firm the newspaper stories so far as the na
ture of the outrages goes, telling of brutal
tortures, burning alive, the tossing of chil
dren on bayonts, etc., by Kurds and sol
diers.
The long extracts are given from the re
port of the consular delegates on the com
mission to Sir Philip Currie, the British
Embassador to Turkey. This report states
that the.fact that Kurds accompanied the
troops and that no steps were taken to
compel them to withdraw may be regarded
as proved. It must also be regarded as
having been established that the Kurds
and soldiers were the joint authors of the
burning of entire villages.
Moreover, it was not proved that the
Armenians were in revolt. The victims at
Gheliguzan are estimated to have been
about forty. The report does not support
the newspaper stories, which stated that
the victims numbered thousands, but it
protests against the difficulty thrown in
the way of the inquiry and the duplicity
of the Turkish Commissioners and offi
cials.
SMITH'S BILL
MAY GO THROUGH.
COntlnxud from Pint Page.
should be sold on a foreclosure to a com
peting company.
Tweed replied that he did not think it
would make any difference.
Maguire asked lf the Southern Pacific
Company, which controls all of these
roads, is not a close corporation, abso
lutely owned 'and controlled by less than
half a dozen men.
Johnson of California promptly objected
to the question, saying he did not see
what difference that could make. -
Tweed, however, replied that there were
more than half a dozen concerned in the
company.
The inquiry will be continued to-mor
row at 1 o'clock, when Bowers of Califor
nia will address the committee. Those
present to-day included Bowers, Hiiborn,
Barham and Geary. ,
Maggioli Defeats Hatley.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 28.— Maggioli won
the tie game that was played off to-night
in the billiard hall of the Chicago Athletic
Association's clubhouse for second place
in the shortstop billiard tournament, de
feating Hatley, 400 to 223. The play was
slow and ragged.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
ARIZONA'S CHIEF
JUSTICE ACCUSED.
Judge Baker Charged With
a Series of Grave
Offenses.
WILL BE INVESTIGATED.
Collusion, Drunkenness and the
1 Levying of Tribute Are
Included.
EX-CLERK JORDAN'S AFFIDAVIT.
An Inspector From the Department of
Justice Will Conduct an
Inquiry.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 28.— A. C. Baker
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Ari
zona and Presiding Judge of the Third
Judicial District, in which Phcenix is
located, has been charged by ex-Clerk
Louis C. Jordan with malfeasance in office
and cond uct unbecoming a Judge.
As a result of this, an inspector from the
Department of Justice left Washington to
day, and upon his arrival here will inves
tigate the accusations and thoroughly ex
amine the court records.
If this investigation sustains one-half of
the charges, Judge Baker's removal will
be a necessary sequence, as he has been
accused of the gravest offenses in the cate
gory. Included are collusion, drunken
ness, and levying tribute upon his ap
pointees.
It is charged that he opened United
States court when there was no business
on that side of the docket, so that his
clerk and court-crier could draw the $10
and $2 respectively per day. This salary
is allowed by the United States statute,
providing actual business is transacted.
It is also charged that Chief Justice
Baker went about the streets of Phcenix in
a drunken condition" and cursed and
abused members of the Grand Jury, then
in session. This charge is supported by
an affidavit, and in that the witnesses are
referred to.
That these charges are preferred in all
earnestness is well known, as some of the
most prominent citizens in Arizona are
said to be back of them. When seen to
night Judge Baker emphatically denied
them.
SANTA BARBARA SUIT.
! Assemblyman Parker and General Strong
Lock Horns in Court.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 28.—
James L. Barker, Assemblyman from this
district, to-day brought suit against Henry
I Strong, ex-president of the Atchison and
Santa Fe Railroad, to enforce a certain
contract in regard to water supply alleged
to have been entered into by the plaintiff.
' It appears that General Strong, who owns
l a beautiful tract of land in Montecito,
I which was without any water supply, con
| tracted with Barker for two miner s inches
I of water, should the same be developed by
tbe tunnel Barker is driving into the
| mountain range in Cold Stream Canyon,
lor which he was to pay $4000.
Assemblyman Barker, who now has his
i tunnel in 670 feet and who has developed
i twelve inches of water, claims to have se
j cured the requisite amount of water within
; the specified time and fulfilled all the
• other obligations of his contract, but al
, leges that when he tendered the deed to
General Strong the latter refused to re
; ceive or pay for it. This litigation arouses
' unusual interest because of the high stand
ing of the opposing parties.
DEPOSED AT PORTLAND.
Assistant Postmaster Hughes
Has Been Removed for
Cause.
Accused by a Subordinate of Conduct
Unbecoming a Government.
Employe.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 28.— A strange
state of affairs was exposed in the Portland
postoffice to-day when it was announced
that Silvrey Stuart superintendent of the
money-order department, had resigned,
and that C. C. Hughes, assistant post
master, had been deposed to make room
for W. A. Manly, who is to be his suc
cessor.
The cause of Mr. Stuart's resignation is
plainly and emphatically set forth in a
letter to Postmaster Protzman. He says
his salary— sloo per month is inadequate
to the responsibility and the work in
volved. But the interesting part of
Stuart's letter, which has been submitted
to the department at Washington, is the
statement of the unpleasant relations that
have long existed between Assistant Post
master Hughes and the postoffice em
ployes and public generally.
Stuart states that Hughes' manner and
deportment have been contemptible be
yond comprehension, and that he
(Hughes (has purposely placed obstacles
in his way for the purpose of forcing him
to resign. Stuart says the assistant post
master is unpopular with the public, which
he has treated so contemptuously. The
latter part of the letter reads:
"He (Hughes) seems, however, to be
quite intimate with two or three Republi
can postoffice inspectors, and, presumably
on their recommendation, a* few salaries
were reduced and a few employes dis
charged, and by the merest accident, I
suppose, no Republicans were hit. This
man Hughes may be a good bookkeeper in
a horsecar barn, but he is out of place as
assistant postmaster, notwithstanding the
highly favorable report to the department
he may have received from his chum,
Inspector W. A. Robinson."
On the strength, presumably, of this
letter Hughes has been requested to step
down and out, which he will do on Febru
ary 1. Stuart is under civil service rules
and Hughes is not. Muni}', who succeeds
Hughes as assistant postmaster, is ex-
Governor Pennoyer's private secretary and
is a Democrat. Hughes is a Republican.
The assistant postmaster was dumfounded
when he was notified to-day of his removal
for cause.
CLOSED BY CREDITORS.
Wintler & Co. Announce Permanent Re
tirement From Business:
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 28.— firm of
F. R. Wintler & Co., extensive furniture
dealers, announced its retirement from
business to-day. Pressing . creditors, dull
business and inability to collect outstand-
JI-alM_i3irtipiM-_.'i_wa , .-i ■ _ : -■ — ■ .<..-• ..«j_aEsi_B!ifc«MtiiS
ing accounts are the causes which led to
the suspension, or rather the turning over
of the stock by a bill of sale to Mrs. F. R.
Wintler. For some time past one of the
firm's heaviest creditors, to whom was
owed $12,000, has been endeavoring to ef
fect a settlement. Failing, the creditor
became importunate, resulting in the fil
ing of papers which virtually place the
firm out of business. It will not resume.
ELOPER H RIVER HEARD FROM.
The Erstwhile Preacher Figures in a
Scandal in Missouri.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. News has
reached here that Rev. Samuel M. Driver,
the ministerial adventurer who scandal
ized the Methodist'church in Oregon and
California, has turned up in Carthage,
Mo., under the assumed name of Cun
ningham.
Driver fled from a Southern California
town about two years ago with a fair
member of his congregation, deserting his
wife and four children. The woman who
eloped with him committed suicide at
Carthage, and in the scandal which fol
lowed Driver's sensational career in the
West came out. -Ap/Tp -*■''■* ■/':■
It is stated that Driver drove the be
trayed woman to her death, but before the
Grand Jury could investigate thoroughly
he had disappeared from Carthage. The
couple first lived in Hamilton, Mo., where
Driver worked^ in a lumber-yard and
reached. He is well known on the coast,
In 1889 he was an accredited minister of
the church, and was stationed in Eastern
Oregon and at Union, Idaho. He was
formerly presiding elder of the Eastern
Oregon and Idaho conference.
, Owing to his conduct with women of his
congregations he became involved in
trouble at Astoria, which place he
had to leave suddenly. He was in Port
land for a time," but was requested to leave
' STANFORD ATHLETICS.
Palo Alto's Brawny Men Wish to Give
Berkeley a Hard Contest.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
28.— Track Captain Toombs has issued a
call to all track men to meet next Satur
day in the Encina gymnasium. This will
be the first opportunity afforded for judg
ing just what material Stanford has this
year and what each man intends to do.
The management is hopeful of getting a
large number of athletes interested in
order to give Berkeley a hard fight with
out causing her to seek such an antagonist
as Yale.
The rainy weather is seriously interfer
ing with preparation of both baseball
players and track athletes.
Stanford recognizes the fact that her
baseball prospects are decidedly blue this
year. Only three of her last year's nine
have returned to college, and there is no
money and little enthusiasm for getting a
team together. Still there are hopes that
some "phenom" may turn up and change
the aspect of affairs before the semester is
too far gone.
Professor Walter Miller delivers a lec
ture here this evening on "How to Become
a General in the Greek Army."
HITES COVE MINE HORROR
Two Men Killed and Another
Injured by a Premature
Explosion.
Bodies of the Unfortunate Pair Torn
to Shreds by the Terrific
Blast.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 28. — William
Sterne of Mariposa and Joseph Kluce of
San Francisco lost their lives, and a third
man whose name could not be learned was
made a cripple for life, by an accident at
the Hites Cove mine at, 4:30 o'clock this
morning. The particulars of the disaster
are meager, as the mine is twenty-five
miles northeast of Mariposa, the nearest
telephone station.
The miners were preparing cartridges
for a blast, and a short distance from
where they were engaged at this work was
a pile of 100 pounds of giant, powder.
From some cause an explosion occurred,
and the concussion reached the giant
powder magazine and touched it off, blow
ing Sterne and Klute to atoms, the third
man escaping with severe wounds about
the body.
William Sterne was 28 years of age and a
native of Mariposa, where he leaves a
mother, two brothers and four sisters.
Young Sterne's father, now deceased, was
for seventeen years underground boss of
the mine during the working of the prop
erty under the original locator, J. R. kites
of San Francisco.
WASHINGTON'S SENSATION.
Supervisor Casselman's Official Acts to
He Investigated.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— road
funds in the Supervisorial district of Ezra
Casselman of Washington will be investi
gated by the Yolo County Grand Jury,
now in session. Nearly a score of wit
nesses have been ordered to appear before
the inquisitorial body, and many more
may be subpenaed.
Mr. Casselman, an ex-oflicio road mas
ter, is compelled to pass upon all claims
for road work performed in his district,
and it is charged that he has knowingly
permitted certain contractors to rob the
county treasury. For a long time past
prominent residents of the Washington
district have complained that the road
funds were being juggled, and Justice Gill
has openly accused Supervisor Casselman
of irregularity. It is alleged that faulty
work has been accepted and paid for with
out being inspected. When these attacks
were first made on Mr. Casselman he said
they were actuated by spite; and contended
that, as all claims submitted to him were
sworn to, he could not refuse to indorse
them. Interesting developments are antici
pated.
PLACERVILLE MJNE FATALITY.
John Toole Killed a Few Hours After
He Had Been Given Employment.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Jan. 28.— An
accident occurring at the Taylor mine
yesterday resulted in the death of John
O'Toole a few hours after he had applied
for and been given employment. O'Toole
went on the. noon shift at underground
work. At 6 o'clock the signal was given
to hoist, with four men in the skip.
When up 100 feet O'Toole put his head
forward, but was warned by a companion
that, being in close quarters, he must*
lower his head, but the warning was not
heeded. Again looking forward, his head
struck a timber and was almost severed
from the body.
The man at the hoist felt the concussion
and immediately lowered the skip, which
arrived at the bottom of the shaft in a
moment. O'Toole was dead.
The * unfortunate man was buried at
Georgetown at the expense of the Taylor
mine. He was aj-ed between 35 and 40
years, and was a stranger to Placerville^
He is said to have a sister in San Fran
cisco.
Luck of a Los Angeles Woman.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 28.— Mrs. J.
H. Myers was this evening awarded a
judgment against the 7<; Minneapolis Insur
ance Company for $6509 by a jury in the
Superior Court. Her . husband's life was
insured for that amount and under fraudu
lent representation she signed a release of
the risk and surrendered, her policy for
$100. The release was procured by a pri
vate detective, to , him the insurance
company gave $2000 for his services.
CURES THE SICK
OF STOCKTON
A New Schlatter Who Is
Said to Have Worked
Miracles.
PRAYER IS HIS REMEDY.
Sufferers From Disease Made
Well Without Recourse
to Medicines.
POWER TO RESTORE THE MIND.
His Treatment in the Case of an
Insane Woman Watched
With Interest.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 28.— The home
of Rev. Donald L. Monroe on San Joaquin
street is becoming a center of attraction
for the afflicted who look for relief through
the faith cure theory.
Rev. Mr. Monroe is a deposed minister
of the First Presbyterian Church, and the
circumstances of his retirement some five
years ago are still fresh in the minds of
the people of this city.
The minister made a confession in the
pulpit regarding his tendency to err, and
the acknowledgment was not appreciated
by the members of the congregation. He
was retired on the strength of his tempta
tions, and not for his actual sin.
The faith-cure theory had been ex
pounded by him frequently, and when he
retired he proceeded to devote himself en
tirely to the teaching of this idea.
He began holding services weekly at his
home and soon attracted quite a following
among the women. Of late he is said to
have effected a number of cures, and the
news of his success seems to be arousing
much interest outside of his small band of
followers. He always hold 3 his services at
his house, but has not ceased to mingle
with his former associates in the ministry.
The devotion and faith of his flock in him
seems to be wonderful, and they never
cease to talk of his great piety and power
to cure all evil the flesh is heir to.
Among those who were attracted by the
reports of his healing was Mrs. J. P. Dow
; die of Encinal avenue, Alameda. This
! lady has a sister, Mrs. J. R. Searles,
j who has been an inmate of the Stockton
 Asylum for eighteen years and who was,
at the time of her affliction, the wife of a
citizen who has since become known as
one of the "borax kings." The lady from
Alameda came to Stockton on last Satur
day, went to the asylum and took her
sister from the place in which she had
be'en confined so many years.
The afflicted woman was placed under
the care of the faith-healer, and it is re
ported that she is already showing some
signs of improvement. The interest in the
i case is not confined to Rev. Air. Munroe's
i followers.
The minister gives no medicine, but sub
stitutes earnest prayer for liquid or pow
dered drugs. 'His followers have so much
faith in him that they predict that the un
fortunate woman will be restored to her
reason, and they are assisting him in his
supplications for a victory over the men
tal disease.
FIRE AT OAKHALE.
Twenty Buildings, Comprising a China
town, Are Hestroyed.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 28.— Fire de
stroyed the Oakdale Chinatown last night.
It started in one of the principal Chinese
stores, and all efforts to stop its spread
were unavailing. The whole Chinese
quarter was soon enveloped in flames.
About twenty bouses occupied by the
Mongols were burned to the ground. The
loss in buildings was not great, because
they were mere shanties, the principal loss
being the personal property of the Chi
nese. -./■
SONOMA GUI RDS ELECT.
Santa Rosa and I'ttaUnna Companies
Choose Officers.
SANTA ROSA, Cai,., Jan. 28.— The mem
bers of Company E, N. G. C.,. last night
elected officers for the ensuing term.
Major C. E. Jansen of the First Infantry
Regiment, who presided, delivered a short
address and was followed by Major L. W.
Juilliard of Santa Rosa. C. E. Haven, a
well-known business man of this place,
was elected captain by acclamation, and
C. H. Holmes and W. C. Bean were elected
lieutenants without opposition. ■■ ?*,
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 28.— At the
election of officers of Company C last even
ing Major Mangells of General Warlield's
staff was present as presiding officer. Cap
tain Thomas Maclay and Lieutenants B.
F. Phillips and M. W. Stockdale were
unanimously re-elected to the command
of the company. Colonel D. B. Fairbanks
made some congratulatory remarks, as
.did the other officers present, after which |
refreshments were served in the armory.
FLIGHT OF A SHU W AH WOMAN.
: Postmaster Axtstin in Pursuit of His Wife
and Children.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 28.—
Postmaster J. P. Austin of Shuwah passed
through this city this morning on his way
to Texas. He will take the shortest route,
for he is chasing a runaway wife who has
three days' start in the race. Mrs. Austin
suggested last week that her husband go
on a hunting trip into the mountains. The
unsuspecting postmaster thought the plan
an excellent one and left the next morning
for a four days' bunt. On returning
Saturday to his home he found that hia
,wife and three children had left for Texas,
and just before leaving Mrs. Austin had
sent a deed from her husband to herself to
be recorded, by which she becomes the
owner 'of all their community property.
Mr. Austin was greatly exercised over the
affair, and says he will pursue her and if
possible recover his children, if nothing
more.
Albxtqxierque Creditors Paid.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. 7 Mex., Jan. 28.—
The Albuquerque National Bank, with a
capital :of $175,000, which failed July 3,
1893, with liabilities of $305,200, has paid
its creditors in full, the receiver now pay
ing a dividend of 25 per cent, making 100
per cent in all. Tne funds were collected
from the assets and an assessment of $46
per share on tiie stockholders.
Seattle-Honolulu Freighter,
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 28.— T. J. King,
a broker of Honolulu, left to-day on the
Puebla for California, having chartered the
four-masted schooner Bangor, now at San
Pedro, to ply ■;* between Seattle and the
Hawaiian ; metropolis.'! The first cargo of
the Bangor, which will sail from this port
the last of February, will consist of lumber
and general merchandise. .
_* -^ - '-MBW .TO-DAT. "
CHALLENGE—
■ *-.:-" , •
:
Things looked as
though it were a day or
two before Christmas
yesterday at the big
store, the crowds were
so big. It doesn't take
the people of Frisco
long to get on to a good
thing. They know that
Overcoats and Suits
such as are exhibited in
our big window, fashion-
able goods, reliable
goods, made by New
York's swellest tailors,
at
$9.00.
They know it ain't for
long, but we issued a
challenge and we meant
every word that we said
in it, and the crowds that
attended the fifth day of
the sale fully demon-
strated that the people,
whatever they see in
our ads, know it to be so.
Our competitors won't
put up, but we have
made 'em shut up.
j U A
& "ii/te.
"■ fHiL/ 'WM It*
Such Suits as we are
offering during this
challenge sale are sel-
dom placed on a bargain
table. We don't do it
ourselves, and we are
positive others don't.
These goods are honest
values at $18 and $17.
They represent the very
highest-class fabrics, the
most dressy colorings,
and are built by our
very best tailors, and as
a challenge we have
named
$9.00 AS THE PRICE.
RAPHAEL'S
(IN Co_R,_?o_S,_fl_T__3l_».
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
That Big Store With the Tiny Prices.
IT'S JUST FIVE DAYS
since we issued our
sweepingchallenge to
all the stores in Frisco
to show up a line of
goods equal to that
which we have been
showing up at
$9.00.
Thus far none of 'em,
not even those Sansome
street wholesalers who
have been blowing and
bragging how much
cheaper they sell goods
than the retailers, have
had the nerve or pluck
to pick up the challenge
which we lay down.
They know they can't
equal the prices.
They know they can't
show up the goods and
wisely they shut up.
Now the next time they
advertise that they sell
to you so much under
the retailers' prices
kindly bear it in mind
that the big store chal-
lenged 'em to show up a
line of goods equal to
the big store's and they
failed to accept the chal-
lenge. Kindly remem-
ber that whenever you
read their advertise-
ments again. They
wouldn't put up, but we
have made 'em shut up.
I . v* if w\\ n
The Overcoats and Ul-
sters are ideal garments,
cleverly tailored; gen-
teel in appearance.
There] are coats in this
line representing values
up to $18. Your pick
from blues, blacks, tans,
drabs. No end of fine
garments at the chal-
lenge price of y
$9.00.
34
URIAH'S. BANDIT
KNOWS THE LAW
Outlaw Schneider Conducts
His Own Defense
in Court.
VERSED IN LEGAL LORE.
He Skillfully Cross - Examines
the Witnesses for the
State.
TELLING TESTIMONY GIVEN.
Driver Howard Identifies the Prisoner |
as the Man Who Halted His
Stage.
UKIAH, Cat,., Jan. 28.— The preliminary
examination of John Schneider, charged
with robbing the stage running from
Ukiah to Harris on January 15, Mas be
gun to-day. Schneider is the man alleged
to have shot ex-Sheriff Standley while the
latter was trying to capture him, and he
is now also charged with robbing the
United States mail, in having stopped the
AVillits stage on the last day of 1895 and
ordered the driver to throw out the mail
sacks. Under this last charge he is now
in the custody of Sheriff Johnson as a
United States prisoner. The charge under
which he is heing examined is brought in
the name of the State of California, and
will be tried in this county if he is held to
answer.
Only three witnesses were examined to
day — Theodore Howard, the stage driver
who was held up: J. S. Hart, agent for
Wells, Fargo & Co., and C. Tecumseh
James, chief clerk in the expr»ss office, to
whom is entrusted the work of preparing
express boxes for the several stages run
ning from Ukiah. and who delivered the
express box to Howard on the day that
the stage was robbed.
From James' testimony it was learned
that the contents of the box consisted of
only $15 in coin and a small parcel of
merchandise. Howard positively identi
fied Schneider as the man who held him
up, and could not be shaken in his state
ment during the searching cross-examina
tion to which he was subjected by the de
fendant.
Bandit Schneider had refused the services
of an attorney, and conducted his own
case. His cross-examination of Howard
was exceedingly clever and his numerous
objections, on legal grounds and couched
in legal phraseology, inclines one to believe
that he is not entirely unacquainted with
the courts. From the questions put to
Howard by the defendant the officers are
more confident than ever that Schneider
had an accomplice in his crimes.
The examination will be resumed on
Thursday.
A EUREKA MAN'S PLIGHT
Supervisor Acheson Learns That
He Is Not a Citizen of
This Country.
Discovers After Many Years That
His Father Had Never Become
Naturalized.
EUREKA. Cal., Jan. 28.— Rumors of
disqualification which were circulated
against Supervisor Acheson of the Fifth
District before his election in November,
1895, were to-day verified in a dispatch
which Chairman W. J. Swortzol received
from Mr. Acheson himself, who is now in
Detroit, where he has been for some time
looking up his father's naturalization pa
per*. The dispatch contains notice of the
resignation of Mr. Acheson, which will be
tendered on his return to this county.
- Mr. Acheson, who c_ me when a boy with
his father from New Brunswick to Michi
gan, always believed himself a citizen by
virtue of the naturalization of his father, !
who, it seems, bad only declared his inten- !
tions, supposing there was no other bar
against citizenship.
About .twenty years ago Mr. Acheson '
came to Humboldt County and immedi
ately took up redwood timber lands. Ibis
land has since become very valuable and .
whether or not it will be forfeited is a
question. Some discussion is also going
on in reference to the legality of the pro
ceedings of the board while Mr. Acheson ;
was a member of it. The general opinion '
of the bar is, however, that what services
he performed as ade facto officer are legal
and binding. As soon as Mr. Acheson's
resignation is handed in Governor Budd I
will be asked to appoint a successor, who
will hold the office for five weeks, in which i
time a special election can be called and a \
permanent official be chosen to serve out !
the unexpired term of three years.
■ •
BROWNSVILLE'S ERRING MAYOR. I
Pitiful Speech Made to Councilmen Who j
Hemanded His Resignation.
BROWNSVILLE, 0r... Jan. 23.-At a j
meeting of the City Council of Browns
ville on Saturday a petition signed by four J
Councilmen was presented as follows:
To the Mayor of the City of Brownsville : In
consequence of the gross misconduct, to wit,
drunkenness and disorderly conduct, on the
part of the Mayor, the highest official of the
city, we, the un Jersigned Councilmen of our
respective wards, do hereby demand your
resignation, to take effect forthwith.
■ The Mayor's resignation, to take effect
on the second Monday in April, was read.
The Mayor called Councilman Brown to
the chair, and taking the floor made a
lengthy speech, acknowledging that he
had done wrong and telling how the terri
ble habit had followed him all through
life; how he had striven to sever its
clutches, but how at times he was forced
to succumb. He said he did not ask len
iency from the Council, and desired only
that the Councilmen live up to a standard
of morality that would be consistent with
their action in this regard. * : " y v
NORTH YAKIMA COINERS.
Two. Men Arrested With Bogus Money in
Their Possession.
NORTH YAKIMA; Wash., Jan. 28.—
Money has been more plentiful here in the
last few weeks , than for some time pre
vious and among the coin floating around
were numerous counterfeit dollars. Dep
uty United States Marshal Catron and his
assistants have been keeping their own
counsel, but watching affairs very closely.
Yesterday, after securing what is con
sidered certain evidence of guilt, Catron
arrested Thomas Taylor and Deputy
George Guilland arrested Joe Taylor on
the charge of issuing counterfeit money.
The coins were from an excellent die, of
the date of 1891, and had a true. ring, but
were light in weight and had that oily
feeling denoting glass in the composition.
Joseph Taylor returned here a short
time ago from Spokane, where it is sup
posed lie obtained the spurious coins. The
prisoners are between the ages of 20 and 30
years and are the eons of a well-known
farmer living in ..the Cowichee Valley.
Other officials, however, believe that the
Taylor boys are in league with a gang of
counterfeiters somewhere in this locality.
MODESTO'S FAMOUS SUIT.
Governor Budd Appears as Counsel in the
Tynan Case.
MODESTO, Cal., Jan. '23.— Another
chapter of the noted Tynan case is being
enacted before the local Superior Court
with Governor Budd as a participant.
Dr. Thomas E. Tynan, a wealthy citizen,
disappeared mysteriously from Modesto in
October, 1892, shortly after a suit had been
brought against him by two stepdaugh
ters, Mrs. T. Wood side aud Mrs. Euquay,
for a division of property.
Offers of rewards and the searching of
detectives failed to find him, and he was
declared legally dead in September, 1893.
Then the step-daughters were awarded
three-fifths of his belongings and the case
was carried to the Supreme Court, it
being remanded back for a second trial.
The doctor returned home in September,
1894, having been in Boston in seclusion.
Now the second trial is. going on before
Judge Minor and a jury under the title of
E. A. Woodside et al. vs. T. E. Tynan.
Plaintiffs are represented by Governor
Budd and Messrs. Hazen and Maddux,
and the defendants by D. If. Delmas of
San Francisco and 'Messrs. Hatton and
Fulkerth. The property involved is valu
able, and the case will undoubtedly last
for some days".
MILL VALLEY SONGBIRDS
Citizens Enter Heartily Into the
Plan of Importing From
Ireland.
Feathered Warblers to Be Brought to
Marin County and Given
Their Freedom.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 28.— At a
meeting of the Mill valley Improvement
Club, Mr. Michalitschke btated that a
number of Mill Valley's citizens had
formed a club to take some action on the
proposition to import song birds from Ire
land and turn them loose in the valley. In
the new club are men having large prop
erty interests here and they are heartily in
favor of the scheme.
Secretary Thomas Fottrell, of the Im
provement Club, stated that be had re
ceived a number of offers of financial aid
from persons who had seen the scheme
mentioned in The Call, and that he had
written to Ireland, where a Mill Valley
citizen was now traveling, in order to
ascertain what the cost of securing the
birds and shipping them to California
would be.
The interest taken in the matter is sur
prising, and without doubt Mill Valley
will have some beautiful birds as soon as
proper arrangements have been completed
for their care and propagation.
MONTE VISTA HOTEL SOLD.
E.L. Hueter Will Reopen- and Greatly
Improve the [Hostelry.
MILL VALLEY, C,al., Jan. 28.— The
Monte Vista Hotel has been purchased
from Fred Kruse by E. L. Hueter of San
Francisco. Mr. Hueter will build a num
ber of additions to the hotel, one in par
ticular being a large glass-covered' dining
room. Cottages about the hotel grounds
will also be erected. - ■ ,
The Monte Vista Hotel has from the
start proved a failure. Mr. Kruse built
the borel in 1893 and before the summer
was over he went into insolvency. Since
then others, have attempted . to run the
place upon a paying basis, but failure has
marked each attempt.
WORK ON THE SCENIC ROAH.
Operations Will Commence as Soon as
the Weather Permits.
■ MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 28.— A good
sized colony of Italians has sprung up on
the property adjacent to Eastland station.
They are cuddled together in five small
houses and came here with the intention
of securing work on the Mill Valley and
Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railroad.
The location party of the railroad under
the charge of Surveyor Dodge has been out
placing the stakes and as soon as the
weather permits a large force of men will
be put at work grading and building the
road. " AA:<.p:
— - — -•
HOG-POISONERS AT WORK.
Valuable Animals, Fall Victims to a
Mysterious' Individual's Spite.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 28.— A dog
poisoner is at. work at this place and has
already killed two valuable animals. The
people are indignant and all valuable
dogs are being kept at home. Sausalito
was visited some time ago by a dog
poisoner, who managed to kill almost
every valuable dog in the town. Rewards
were offered by the irate citizens for his
arrest and conviction, but he was never
caught, despite the strenuous efforts that
were made to capture him. "/y: :
PACIFIC BASER ALL LEAGUE.
Four Northern Cities Place Professional
Teams in the Field.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 23. — The mana
gers of the new Pacific Baseball League
held a meeting here to-night and decided
upon a schedule for the opening of the
season on May 1. Victoria, B. C, is to be
fourth city in the circuit, and the fran
chise hangs between Gus dough, the old
baseball player, and Lawyer Shalt- of
Victoria. Tacoma's Manager Strobel is
detained in the East, and Manager Glenal
vin of the Portland team and Manager
Leadley of Seattle will meet witn Secre
tary Roche to-morrow, to complete the
business. ■ • 'py : y;A
Each of the three cities, Tacoma, Seattle
and Portland, deposited , its guarantee
! money, $500 each, to-day. : The managers'
1 expectations regarding baseball for the
Northwest are unsurpassed, and they feel
very enthusiastic over the new league's
i prospects, as all the cities are overwhelm
! ingly in favor of baseball. At to-night's
j meeting it was decided to make a popular
admission price of 25 cents. ■.
The Portland team is not quite com
pleted yet. Manager Glenalvin to-day
signed two old California players, Tom
Maguire, shortstop, of Vallejo, and Pete
j Lohman, catcher, of Los Angeles. t ' .*. y.\
FRESNO'S - NEW COURTHOUSE.
Contract for Reconstruction Awarded to
a San Francisco I-'irm.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 28.— Bids for re
building the Courthouse of Fresno County,
which was partially consumed by fire last
July, were opened by the Supervisors this
afternoon. They submitted on five sets of
specifications, requiring, as many forms
and styles of reconstruction, ranging from
the simple restoration of the building, in
accordance with the old plan, to a practical
rearrangement and reconstruction, render
ing the building fireproof.' The ' award
was made to the Rae Building and Con
tract Company of San Francisco at $46,700,
to • include marble wainscoting instead of
wood. - (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, ISOG.
CLOVERDALE'S
CITRUS FAIR
All Details Completed in
Readiness for To-Day's
Opening. j;
FRUIT IN RICH ARRAY.
Golden Nuggets of the Orchards
Arranged . in Fantastic
Designs.
■ ;
-..-•■••* -"T ft *:• '*'•- ' '
THREE DAYS OF PLEASURE.
Elaborate Preparations : Have Been
Made for the Entertainment of
Visitors.
. ~~
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jan. 28.— Citrus
Fair enthusiasm is at a fever heat. Such
bustle, push and vigor as is seen on all
sides augurs well for the ultimate success
of the exhibition.
The stormy weather of the past few days
has interfered greatly with the gathering
of the oranges and lemons to be placed on
exhibit and in many other ways hindered
the work of preparation; still, from the
appearance of the pavilion to-day, every
thing will be in apple-pie order for the
grand opening to-morrow. Many willing
hands have the fair in charge and will al
low nothing to hinder the successful frui
tion of their labors.
The decorating committee, under the
direction of T. B. Wilson and S. R. Sample,
has transformed the large apartment, with
artistic taste, into a mass of citrus colors —
orange, green and white. The entrance to
the Pavilion is guarded by three large
palm trees, the ticket-office being on one
side and the directors' room on the other.
To the right or north side is situated the
candy booth, exhibits, bandstand and vis
itors' reception-room. The west side will
hold the orange-selling booth and an elab
orate exhibit from Los Aguajos rancho,
the country seat of H.J.Crocker of San
Francisco. The south side is reserved for
the wine exhibits. F. Albertz, the pro
prietor of Moulton Hill vineyard, has had
two assistants constantly employed for a
week on his elaborate display of wines and
grape syrup. The Cloverdale Wine Com
pany and the Italian-Swiss Colony will
have excellent wine exhibits. A portion
of the south side is also reserved for an ice
cream booth and restaurant, both to be
run in connection with and for the benefit
of the Citrus Fair Association.
J. Harry Kleiser, a young man of marked
ingenuity, is devising a mechanical display
to he placed near the entrance, and it is
destined to attract much attention. Two
long counters in the center of the pavilion,
running almost its entire length, are to be
used exclusively for the display of citrus
fruits, and will form the chief attractive
feature of the fair.
The ballroom is on the second floor, and
there the three days' festivities will termi
nate in a dance on Friday night, under the
auspices of the Cloverdale brass band. Be
sides this organization there will also be in
attendance at the fair the Ukiah cornet
band. Thus there will be no lack of musi
■ cal attractions.
The pretty village of Preston, two miles
north of Cloverdale, will make a splendid
showing in oranges and lemons. In past
exhibitions the growers of that section
always carried off some of the leading
prizes. Most of the Preston oranges are
grown in terraces on the hillsides. It is a
pretty and inspiring sight at this season of
the year that greets one who drives
through the valley, gazing up the hill
side and seeing the golden nuggets glisten
in the sunshine from behind a dark green
foliage of orange leaves. And real nug
gets they will prove to be, when in a few
years Cloverdale and vicinity sends its
wealth of citrus fruits to Eastern markets.
The cheap rates on the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway will bring many
visitors to the fair. Inquiries for accom
modations are being received daily in great
numbers by lodging and boarding bouse
proprietors.
END OF THE STORM.
Rain Ceases to Fall and Danger of Floods
Is Passing — Stock Losses in Yuba'
County.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Jan. 28.— As a re
sult of a renewal of the storm the Feather
River gained three feet during the last
twenty hours. The Yuba River is ris
ing slowly. There is very little snow in
the mountains. The general opinion is
that the worst is passed. The First
Ward residents of Marysville were in
convenienced by slough water, but the
new pumping plant will remedy that in a
few days. The prospects for more rain
ure good, but it .will probably not be as
severe as that of last week.
One half the acreage of Sutter County is
flooded with tule water and backwater
from the Sacramento River. Tbe ranches
south of this city are flooded as the result
of the breaking of private levees. Many
hogs and sheep were drowned during the
storm. The rainfall to date is 16.55 inches.
SANTA BARBARA'S LOSS.
The ' Ocean • Boulevard Ham aged by an
'.'/Af Unusually High Tide:
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 28.— The
extraordinarily high tide of last night,
aided by a strong shore wind which set in
with the second installment of the storm,
sent breakers dancing over Santa Barbara's
joy and pride, her $60, 000 ocean boulevard,
flinging spray over the row of electric
light poles which line it, washing away
the sand foundation and cutting a great
hole into tho bitumen pavement at one
point, which a corps of workmen repaired
to-day.
There was an unusually low tide this
afternoon and the high water of last
night will no doubt be repeated to-night.
So great is the alarm felt over the situation
that a guard of volunteers will be on watch
to-night. -r . - • -
OZETTE'S BIG FLOOD.
Dwellings Washed Away by the En
croachment of Swollen Streams.
- PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 28.-
Information from down the straits this
morning was to the effect .that the pros
perous farming section | known fl as Ozette
had been inundated as a result of the heavy
rains, and much ' valuable property - de
stroyed. ■ :y.: ■;
y Not only has - property been ruined, but,
according to the reports, sheer good luck
is all that precluded several; fatalities.
One well-known settler spent two days in
,a treetop, while another was forced to cut
his way to freedom through the shingles
of his cabin. Another was rescued after
floating about for two or three days on the
wreck of his dwelling.
■ The vicinity is famed for the severity of
its - rainstorms, hut never before was the
deluge of such magnitude as has been the
case in this instance. Particulars, owing
to the isolated location of the Ozette coun
try, which is situated eighteen miles to the
southward of Neah Bay. are hard to ob
tain.' *•■•■ : ■•'■■ ■:?•:. -
FALLING AT NAPA.
Evidence of the Good Effects of Hredging
*:' ; ". '.'■'■■ AAz ',->,.: in the River.
•■ ' NAPA, 7 Cal. ; , Jan;" 28.— The dredging
done on the Napa Ri/er last fall has done
a great* amount of good, as can be seen
this winter. A storm of a few hours will
raise the river to overflowing, but a few
hours after the storm ceases the river is
back in its banks again..
This evening the river is high, but is
going down rapidly and is doing very little
damage at present. Several boats were
washed down stream' yesterday while the
river was running wild. Most of the dam
age done during the storm was to young
fruit trees, many of these being uprooted;
STOCKTON NOT IN HANGER.
Waters Must. Rise Considerably Before
Flooding the City.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 28.— The water
raised here two and a half feet during the
night and ten feet .during the storm.
There is no immediate prospect of a flood.
The water in the Stanislaus at Knights
Ferry was bank full last night. At Linden
the water from Mormon channel was run
ning over the town. At the San Joaquin
bridge the water is rising now and is at the
fourteen-foot mark. It can rise nearly four
feet more before reaching flood height at
that point. Residents on the island are all
safe so far.
Safe Along the Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— There
has been no material change in the high
water situation since last night. The
river rose slightly between daybreak and
noon. There is no danger on the Sacra
mento side, as the water finds escape
through breaks in the Yolo side into Yolo
basin. ;,-\ .-.: I; ,»■*-.
A gentleman from . Androus Island
stated this morning that all danger of
overflow in the island district is believed
to be past, though there is a little fear
that the water may rise to-night.
Knights Landing Is Safe.
WOODLAND. Cal., Jan. 28.— storm
is at an end, and is succeeded by a heavy
fog. All the creeks are beginning to re
cede, and the danger of a flood at Knights
Landing is growing less. The water is
higher in the Yolo basin than ever before
known. The high lands are all right, and
no serious damage has resulted. A large
force is at work on the Yolo bridge, and
railroad travel will be resumed this after
noon. '" .•.'-:•> ?•;
Waters Receding at Redding.
REDDING, Cal.; Jan. 28.— The river
yesterday receded from 15 to 13 feet, and is
still falling. There has been no rain since
4 p. m. yesterday, but there are heavy
clouds, and more "is expected.
BIG BLAZE AT WOODLAND.
Incendiaries Apply the Torch
I to Shepherd & Collum's
Woolen-Mills.
Second Attempt Within Twenty-Four
Hours to Fire the Buildings Is
Successful.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 29— a. m.—
The Woodland Woolen-mills, owned by
Shepherd & Collum, are burning. Flames
are pouring from every window, and the
immense structures cannot be saved. The
fire was started by incendiaries. The mills
are valued at $45,000 and all will be lost.
At 2:30 o'clock the work of destruction
was almost complete. The walls were fall
ing, and the flames lighted up the country
for miles around. Not a thing has been
saved from the mills, the machinery and
stock on hand being destroyed.
The mill property was owned by Mrs.
Emma Laugenour, who holds an insur
ance policy for $16,000 upon it. The
lessees, Shepherd & Collum, are insured
for $11,000. "T. "*7 7 ' •:■?; *
The woolen mills were Woodland's chief
industry, employing a day and a night
force of men, and being crowded to their
full capacity. ■ Their loss will be a serious
blow to the town. '"-" **
This was the second attempt to destroy
the mills made since yesterday morning,
and it has resulted successfully. The
first attempt was made just before
daylight yesterday, i The torch was
applied, but the firebugs were frustrated
through the presence of mind of Ed
Shirley, the nightwatehman. The bark
ing of a dog attracted his attention, and
looking in the direction of the bleaching
room he discovered a flash of fire, as though
issuing from a sudden explosion.
. Shirley ran in and discovered a blaze
coming through the floor. He broke two
hand-grenades, which had the effect of
checking the flames, and the prolonged
screeching of the whistle brought assist
ance and the fire was effectually extin
guished.
An investigation disclosed the fact that
a pole, on tho end of which had been tied
a lot of lighted papers and rags, had been
thrust under the dyehouse through one of
the air holes in the foundation. About 4
o'clock in the afternoon two strange men
had applied for work at the bleaching
house and had been refused. They are
suspected. • •' ***_..,. **
' ■-■:**•■:..■-■*:■-■.
FOUGHT A DUEL TO THE DEATH.
Two Texans Quarreled Over the Ownership
of Land and Riddled Each Other
With Rifle Bullets.
. FORTH WORTH, Tex., Jan. 28.-A duel
which resulted in the death of both com
batants was reported this morning from
Shofters Lake. Andrews County. Crick
Atmore and Willis Mason quarreled over
the ownership of a section ;of land and
came to blows. Then each returned home
and started on a search for the' other with
rifles. They met on the bank of the lake
and fired at the same time. Atmore was
struck in the head and died instantly.
Mason was hit in the body and died in less
than an hour. ,
Is Yet Very Serious.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 28.—The Times
will to-morrow print a telegram received
from and signed by British residents in
Johannesburg, South Africa.
The dispatch declares that the situation
is very dangerous. " Tho Boer forces, it
says, are arrogantly dictatorial with their
own executive and deadly opposed to
granting reforms for the benefit cf the Uit
landers. The forces are still concentrated
around the town. The executive is choos
ing a site for a fort. The dispatch adds
that a catastrophe can only be averted by
the adoption of urgent measures.
DIED. *".-.y - y...
HUSSEY--In this city, January 29, 1896, at his
late residence. 1601 Turk street, I*, J. Hussey,
a native of Albany, "New York.
SACRAMENTO'S
MURDER TRIAL
Jurors Selected to Decide
. the Fate of William
Christ.
MRS. HART TESTIFIES.
■.•■'._**"■""", 'A ' *
Says the Defendant Acted Like a
Crazy Person Before the
Killing.
WANTED HIS WIFE TO DIE.
Had Offered the Witness a Pistol With
Which to Shoot Mrs.
Christ.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28. The
jury which has been chosen to try William
Christ for the alleged murder of his wife
was completed this morning, George Boyd,
A.L.Warren, 0. C. Smith, G. D. Went
worth, C. B. Strong, F. B. Adams, William
Vought, E. Heinrich, C. Kellogg, ,J. C.
Scroggs and Max Ginsberg, being the
chosen ones. The selection of the last
three jurors occupied the forenoon and the
afternoon session was consumed by the
District Attorney, who made the opening
statement for the prosecution. 77*7 7
The Prosecuting Attorney outlined the
points the State would attempt to prove
and stated that facts had been learned
proving that the statement of Christ was
farcical in the extreme. The weapon that
ended Mrs. Christ's life must have been
discharged within twelve ,or ; fourteen
inches of her head, as her face was badly
powder- burned; whereas, if Christ's story
was to be believed, when the weapon was
discharged it was at a distance of at least
ten feet. ,
The bullet then would have taken an
upward course, while the report of the
autopsy proved that the missile ranged
downward. He stated that all the con
tents of the room would be offered in evi
dence; that photographs of the face and
baud of the dead woman, showing the
powder- marks, would be presented, and it
would be shown that defendant had made
very contradictory statements as to how
the homicide occurred.
At the close of the District Attorney's
address Mrs. Frances E. Hart was called
to the stand. Mrs. Hart is the wife of
William Hart, the man of whom Christ
was jealous, and which jealousy, it is
believed, led to. the killing. Mrs. Hart
testified that she found some "gushing"
poetry in her husband's pocket. It was in
Mrs. Christ's handwriting and signed with
her first name, and she took it to Christ
and showed it to him. .- 7 7
That afternoon Christ called on her and
said that he had been thinking the matter
over and .if she thought her husband had
any improper relations with his wife she
could take his revolver and go and kill
Mrs. Christ. He then began to ramble,
talking like a crazy man He said that he
had saved and denied himself so that his
wife could have everything she wanted,
and that he had treated Hart like a brother
and now both had deceived him. His ex
pression was wild and the witness was
afraid of him.
The next witness, George Ogg, told of
how, on the day of the killing, Christ had
come to him and told him of the poetry
that Mrs. Hart had shown him as having
been found in the pocket of her husband's
coat, and which had been written by his
wife. Ogg ! read the poetry . and tried to
make matters all right by telling of a
drama which he had once seen, where a
man wrongfully accused his wife of un
faithfulness.;
Thomas Eby, a clerk in the Controller's
office and a neighbor of Christ's, told of
having heard the deadly shot fired and of
having met the prisoner, who told him
that he had accidentally killed his wife.
Part of the furniture of the room was
brought in and arranged and the witness,
stepping down to it, retold the story of the
shooting wnich had been told to him by
Christ. Eby will go. on the stand for
cross-examination to-morrow morning.
POLICE SCANHAL.
Officers Said to Be Implicated in the In
•-*;*V,T'i timidating of a Witness.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— When
Police Officer J. A. Wilson was called up
in the Police Court this morning for pre
liminary examination on the charge of
having tried to intimidate a — Grace
Weston— City Attorney Brown announced
that he wished to have the case postponed.
He then sprang a sensation by announc
ing that he had other matters to bring up,
implicating others than Officer Wilson on
even more serious charges.
FAILURE AT SAN JOSE
The Hurlbert Printing Company
Files a Petition in
Insolvency.
Small Creditors Take Recourse to the
Courts to Recover Amounts
Due Them. /;
SAN JOSE, Gal., Jan. 28.— The Hurlbert
Printing Company, by its president, E. C.
Hurlbert, to-day filed a petition in In
solvency. The company has been engaged
in business in this city since September 6,
189.5. A general depression of business
and . stringency of money are given as
reasons of failure. The liabilities are
$4627 13, and the assets consists of a plant
valued at $5086 51, ' and book accounts
amounting to $3094 59. i The hearing on the
petition was set for February 6. - - ; ;
Mary A. Talcott filed a suit in the Supe
rior Court this morning against E.G.
Hurlbert and others, to recover $425 prin
c.pal and interest, due on a promissory
note executed by defendant's to F. T. Hale
on July 18, 1893. The note is secured by a
second mortgage on the plant.
: In Justice Gass' ■ court this morn ing
judgment was given to Charles Oetken,
guardian of V. Bergin, a minor, for $193
against the Hurlbert Company, for wages
as an employe. - <
Reason Shattered by an liijx*ry,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— William
Hocking, a 20-year-old boy of New Alma
den, was examined before • Judge Lorigan
this morning as to his sanity and com
mitted to Agnews insane Asylum. Hock
ing's j head was injured' when he was a
child and of Tate he has become too dan
gerous to be at large.. He imagines his
mother wants to poison him. He was ar
rested on a similar charge a few months
ago, but as he improved rapidly under
treatment he was discharged.
CRAZED BY GRIEF.
A Woman's Mind Unbalanced Through
the, Loss of Her Husband;, ■
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— Mrs. Jane Lea
man, who had been confined at Agnews,
but was released on parole a* short time
ago, was returned to that institution this
afternoon. '. / '..'•' V --'7.
Mr?. Leaman has been. residing with
her family on North Fourth street and
yesterday morning wandered away. Last
night about 12 o'clock the Sheriff's office
was notified that the unfortunate woman
was at Oak Hill Cemetery weeping over
the grave of her -husband, but when the.
officers reached the place she could not
be found. About 9 o'clock this morning
she was located near the Franklin School
and brought to her home in this city.
This afternoon she was returned to Ag
news. The loss of her husband a couple
of years ago unbalanced her mind.
* Escaped From an Officer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— Joseph Lam
bodo, an orange peddler, who was con
victed in Justice Dwyer's court of misde
meanor and embezzlement and sentenced
to serve 100 days in the County Jail,
escaped from Constable Coschina while be
ing taken to the prison last evening. Lam
bodo was given ass piece in payment for
25 cents' worth of oranges by Mrs. E. B.
Stanwood and appropriated the change.
Young Burglars Sentenced.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Herbert Gil
lespie and Louis Martinelli, the boys who
robbed a Chinese house on the Wade
ranch, near Alviso, a couple of weeks ago,
pleaded guilty to petty larceny before Jus
tice Herrington at Santa Clara this morn
ing, the charges of burglary having been
dismissed. Martinelli was sentenced to
six months and Gillespie to thirty days in
the County Jail.  . '/AAA
Fined for Cruelty lo Animals.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 28.— A. Green
berg, a pawnbroker, who was convicted
yesterday of cruelty to animals, was this
morning sentenced to pay a fine of $50 by
Justice Gass. Greenberg neglected to take
proper care of two horses, and one became
so weak from starvation that it had to be
killed.
Acquitted at Auburn.
AUBURN, Cal., Jan. 28.— Andrew Steel
was to-day acquitted of assault to commit
murder. He was accused by F. Chappel
let, a wealthy mining man of Oakland.
The gentlemen own adjoining Claims on
the Forest Hill divide.
HONORS TO FATHER YORKE.
St. James Church Parish Gives Him a
Hearty Reception. . Ay* ;/.,
A reception was given to Rev. Father
Yorke by the representative men of St.
James parish last evening at the parochial
residence. His Grace the Archbishop
sent his regrets at being unable to attend.
During the evening addresses were pre
sented to Father Yorke testifying appre
ciation of his labors in defense of Catholic
loyalty.' | ■' -A- ■'. *-; :
Father Yorke, in response to the toast of
"Our Guest," spoke feelingly of his grati
tude for this testimony of appreciation of
his efforts in the cause of truth, and said
that his sole aim in tho present con
troversy was to make the truth in regard
to Catholicity known. 4 "■■'.
The pastor, Father Lynch, having ex
pressed his pleasure in entertaining the
"brilliant and fearless advocate of justice
and morality," the honored guest of the
evening, and having congratulated them
on being the first representative body to
publicly recognize his worth, proposed the
health of his Grace the Most Reverend
Archbishop Riordan.
His remarks were followed by two inter
esting written addresses, one by the offi
cers and collectors of St. James Church
Hibernian Society, and the other by
Father O'Connor. Both expressed the
greatest veneration for the honored guest
and unbounded appreciation for his bril
liant efforts in behalf of the Catholic re
licion and the defense of the sisterhood
against the attacks of those unfriendly
disposed to those of the faith. Upon the
religious controversy Father O'Connor
wrote :
The result is that an amount of moral good
has been effected in this City, through your
discourses and lectures, which cannot be suf
ficiently appreciated. We. therefore, beg leave
to thank you for your presence here this even
ing. * * * We join in a heartfelt universal
prater that God may long* preserve you the
ornament of the priesthood and the fearless,
invincible champion of our creed and country.
§ Woman,
Health
re_ j_ an _r*A
JHL all fli
%/4il^^^-_=_*__. )/ Beauty.
A healthy body in woman begets a beautiful form. It gives
the bright sparkle to the eye, the rose to the cheek. A sickly,
nervous woman, is never beautiful. It i 3 the effervescing, bub-
bling spirit within that brings out the attractive features . in a
toman's form, and all women aim to be attractive. None know
better than they how impossible it is to exhibit a beautiful,
sparkling eye when the body is racked with pain, the spirit
downcast with nervous disorders, and the roses in the cheek
turned into pallor by the killing drain" upon the vital forces.
There is no life in the body, no vim. Female weakness and its
lengthy following of nervous troubles are too common. Women,
regain your vital energy, resume your healthy state, get back the
bright eye, the rounded form, the roses of health.
"MAKES PEOPLE STRONG."
Nineteen out of twenty women have a weakness that can be cured by Dr. San-
den's Electric J Belt. There are too many weak. broKen-down mothers and sisters
wrecked in constitution through the weak, sluggish action of the female organs. For
this weaKness the usual tonics have proven only temporary help. Nothing but new
vitality can restore the weakened functions to their normal strength. The warmin-?
toning power from Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt adds new life to the female parts It
daily increases the healthy vital force. It cures weak women as it cures weak men
by renewing. the wasted strength. The book tells about it; free. ': ' '.■•■■ '
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO,
Office Hours— B to 6 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, io to 1_
7 Portland* Oregon, Office, 255 Washington Stress
COLVILLE JAIL TRAGEDY
I , Convict Niese Cuts the Throat of
His Wife and Commits
Suicide.
The CouDle Had Been Convicted of
Beating Their Boy to Death
-*-" < With a Club. ~
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 28.— Adolph
Niese, who was held, with his wife, in the
jail at Colville for murder in the second
; degree, they having beaten their little boy
i to death with a club, to-day cut his wife's
I throat with an old razor and then his
| own. He is dead and she will die. The
killing was done so quietly that no one
j knew of it, and when the jailer went to
[ open the cell at 2 o'clock he found the
j floor covered with blood. Niese had a
deep wound in the right side of the neck,
severing all the arteries and the veins in
the throat, and he died in a few minutes.
His wife was also cut. on the neck and
suffered greatly from loss of blood. She is
not dead, but there is no hope of her re
covery. A number of letters were left
addressed to different persons who had
been interested in the trial.
The crime for which Niese and his wife
were convicted was a most brutal one. A
son about 12 years of age was deliberately
beaten to death, and when the neighbors
inquired the cause of the boy's death they
said he had fallen down a bank.
At the trial the evidence proved that
they had killed him, and further that they
had been implicated in the murder of
Niese's first wife in Wisconsin. The only
reason they were not convicted in the first
degree was that one of the jurors had
scruples about hanging a woman and a
compromise of murder in the second de
gree was accented. ■"- '■'■;- >'; - :* "•
Not an hour before the commission of
the crime in jail to-day they had been sen
tenced to tweuty years each in the peni
tentiary. . '
William Gardenio was the first person on
whom the title of doctor of medicine was
bestowed. He received it from the college
of Asto, in Italy, in 1329.
NEW TO-DAT.
> z
Jtf^a ". The man with a
Ts^|» ' weight on his leg
V*), "j can't hope to win in
_JS\>_3* the race. A man
AjftßmvffL : with a weight on his
__!____9-l_- ,health can't expect
jEs9gjM_a * to compete in life
_r*£ W£SBf\ '■ an( l business with
C^a-^^^M . those who are not
TltesSf^^^^: handicapped. A
..... , . ma ? who spends
l > __9__9_. two-thirds of his
' ' _¥____H_F"B__. time in business, and
"V*" B|^s^^'^\ one-third of his time
i xs£_\ wo _K_/'* c " nB ' *-*-*•-■*■ "*not
I . yf**""** 3 *^\xe: expected to ac-
• / *. / \. "• comphsh more than
J. I / I - two-thirds as much
\\\.\\] i A .71 as the man "ho at-
I frTj7 l/i ( tends to business all
Vnr 111 J • -' the time. If his
.- W\ V. / J j I brain is heavy, and
oh l ''if I l i "*" s hlood sluggish,
Mil // \ A because of constipa-
!(|i (l ' Y\/J_ tion, he will not suc-
fjpef _*r*^ ceed in doing any-
JssiH^»*^fa^ linB: . v ? ry well.
joT%7xg§j . «=___ Constipation is the
cause of ftine-tenths of all
jflt__t__. sickness. It isn't considered
ir&ffl&ffl __ sickness by most people, but
0 it is just the same. It is
t ™ fr, aAm. serious sickness, because it
*^> causes almost all of the ill-
/SSjK health of mankind. Symp-
jKaßj mD toms of it are sallowness,
_J-'sS_sfl' lifitlessness, poor appetite,
: Hybrid taste in the mouth diz-
niTWiß! sziness, biliousness, and las-
situde. Constipation can he cured easily
and certainly by the -use of Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets. They are perfectly sim-
ple—perfectly safe. They are not at all
violent in their action, and yet they are
more certain than many medicines which
are so strong that they put the system
all out of order. The great advantage of
the "Pleasant Pellets" is that they cure
permanently. You don't have to keep on
taking them. You don't acquire a "pellet
habit." Take them regularly for awhile,
and you are cured permanently. After
that, take them only when you find your-
self suffering from indigestion. There are
many medicines offered for the same pur-
pose on which , druggists make a bigger
profit For this reason, some druggists
would rather sell the other things. If your
own health is of more importance to you
than the druggist's prosperity, you will in-
aist on having what you ask for.THEY ARE TRYING
TO FIX THE BLAME
Railroad Company Thinks
Trackwalker Murphy-
Is at Fault.
HE HAS BEEN SUSPENDED
The Southern Pacific Censured
for Its Recent Economi
cal Policy.
INQUIRY BY A CORONER'S JURY.
The Engineer of the Santa Cruz Train
Found to Be Seriously
Culpable.
•
At the investigation held at the office of
General Manager Kruttschnitt yesterday
the responsibility for the Santa Clara
crossing collision of Saturday was fixed.
It was decided that the blame lay entirely
with Engineer Steward of the Monterey
express and Flagman Ernest Kohloff and
Engineer James Stanley were exonerated.
The solution of the question was ob
tained largely from the testimony of
Flagman Kohloff. He was put through a
most trying ordeal by means of diagrams,
but the officials found it impossible to con
fuse him or make him change his original
statement, which was as follows:
He had given the signal to the narrow
gauge train to go ahead, when he saw the
Ex-Judge John F. Finn, Who Has Returned _*om Europe After Three Years in an
Improved State of Health.
[Sketched from life by a "Call' artist]
broad-gauge coming at a speed that would
preclude any probability of its st6pping
before reaching the crossing. He realized
the terrible danger of the situation, and
at once swung the semaphore so as to dis
play the "stop" signal to the narrow
gauge train, which was. however, already
well under way, and the "go-ahead" sig
nal to the Monterey express. It was only
by such a course on his part, it is now ad
mitted, that a much more serious collision
was avoided.
The Southern Pacific is apparently
straining every nerve to fix the responsi
bility of the terrible Baden disaster, in
■which Engineer Keyer lost his life and
several others were seriously injured.
Their energies, it appears, are mainly di
rected toward John Murphy, who was
partly in charge of that particular section
when the fatal washout occurred. Every
man remotely connected with track-walk
ing or inspection between San Francisco
and Baden has been temporarily sus
pended pending the result of the investi
gation.
A meeting of the chief officials of the
road was held in the office of Division Su
perintendent Frazier yesterday. They
decided among other things that the track
had been most excellently inspected and
that the disaster was due to the Spring
Valley or some other water company,
building a bulkhead not strong enough to
withstand an extraordinarytfun.
Tnis bulkhead gave way thirty or forty
minutes after the track had been thor
oughly inspected, precipitating a volume
of water against the embankment, which
from sheer force tore away the dirt from
under the ties and rails. This last could
and did happen according to the company i
within a brief period of eight or ten min
utes.
To substantiate this position they have
the sworn statement of the section boss
and his assistant. Murphy, who was im
mediately on the scene, has not been
called, nor is it likely that he will be for
some days to come, if at all. Mr. Murphy,
it seems, has been put on double duty
since the wholesale discharge of track
walkers some six weeks ago. His labors
begin about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and
continue until 8 the next morning. In
that time he is supposed to cover four and
a half miles of track, and attend to
seventeen lights. For this service he re
ceives $175 a day, on an average of 10
cents an hour.
An employe of the road, who for fear of
decapitation desires his name omitted at
this time, makes the following interesting
statement: 'Ay'/A/Ty
The track from San Francisco to San Mateo is
actually inspected but once in every twenty- [
lour hours. Every morning at 9 o'clock a man I
leaves the Sixteenth-street station, requiring!
about three hours to make the trip. He is
also paid %l 75 a day. Prior to the wholesale
discharge trackwalkers lour men were em
ployed to cover the same territory, thus reduc
ing the chance of accidents to a minimum.
This bicycle track-inspector era* practically the
only person who made pretense of formally
going over the road on Sunday last. His in
spection m addition to being of a flying char
acter was at least nine hours before the fatal
accident occurred. - ■•: *
i
In spite of statements that may be made to
the contrary, no employe of the company, was
seen near where the wreck took place from the
time the regular track inspector passed over
the road on his wheel until called to the scene
at 6 o'clock Sunday evening. Mr. Murphy had
not yet reached Baden, and neither the section
boss nor his assistant passed him. If, as they
claim, they were at the fatal embankment
forty minutes prior to the washout, then
Murphy could not have been on the track at
all or he would of necessity have met them.
This is not, however, in any sense true.
Murphy was attending to his regular duties
and was within half a mile of where the wreck
occurred when he met a gentleman who told
him that the water was flowing over the em
bankment and urged him to flag the south
bound train, which he knew was due about
that time. He endeavored to do this, but the
engineer either did not see the signal or else
he misunderstood it.
The fact of the matter is, it was sheer negli
gence, due to the strict economy practiced by
the railroad/that caused the accident. One
man for l?! 75 a day is now required to do the
work formerly distributed among four. Their
pay was .fl 00 each.- With this kind of a re
duction all along the line it is easily seen -what
the company saves daily, at the imminent risk,
however, to the lives of the traveling public.
The Coroner of San Mateo County has
summoned a jury, and is making a thor
ough investigation into the causes leading
up to the accident. The proceedings yes
terday consisted of a statement made by
H. Tilton of Baden to the effect that he
told Murphy to signal the train. Murphy
denied this flatly. The investigation will
be resumed today.
EX-JUDGE JOHN F. FINN
He Returns After Three Years
in Different Parts of
Europe.
Germany, He Says, Now Leads in
Prosperity— England's Great Jump
in Population.
Ex-Superior Judge John F. Finn, who
has been absent from the City for three
years, most of which time he has spent in
various parts of Euro_e, has returned, and
is at the Palace.
The Judge is looking much improved in
health and has gained twenty pounds in
weight. ■;**■ 77 Ti
"When I left here," said he, "my health
was very poor. That was the reason I re
signed from the bench. It seemed to me
that I might never recover it, but the rest
and recreation changed me, as it does most
men under such circumstances, and I soon
began to feel vastly better.
"After Mrs. Finn and 1 had been for a
little time at our old home in Central New
York we went abroad. Some time was
.pent in London, Paris and Rome. We
spent tw*> winters on the Riviera. Alto
gether the experience was in the highest
degree plea sant. The soft climate of Italy
did much for me.
"I found more industrial progress in
Germany than in any other country.
The country seemed very thriving. As
far as manufactories are concerned I think
it now takes the lead. There was a solid,
substantial look about everything, too.
Some of the greatest business men of the
globe are to be found in Germany. The
people there are economical, shrewd and
hard to surpass when it comes to conduct
ing large enterprises,
"I was greatly interested in England,
too. Though the country does not seem
to have the prosperity of Germany it nev
ertheless shows all the substantial qualities
for which Great Britain is noted.
"One singular thing was called to my
attention while in England, and that was
that the population had increased finally,
notwithstanding all the migrations to the
colonies, to more than that of the whole of
I* ranee.
"In spite of the pleasant time I had
abroad I am more than delighted to be
again back in San Francisco. A man's
home is where his friends are, and though
on my return to New York I stayed some
time at my old home there I was still anx
ious to again get back to this coast."
The Judge's face is full, and he looks
better than for several years prior to going
abroad, though there is a little additional
touch of trust to his beard.
Why He Was Blade Attorney-General.
Governor Culberson of Texas thus ex
plained to a ; Washington Star reporter
how he entered politics and obtained his
first ottice, that of Attorney-General.
"I had been practicing, law," he said,
"and thought I had ••; made about enough
reputation to justify branching out. I did
not expect to be nominated, but I thought
it would be a. good introduction to start
with a race for the Attorney-Generalship.
George Clark, one of the ablest lawyers in
the country, was my opponent. He was
placed in nomination by a brilliant speech.
while my friend who proposed my name
neglected to mention my legal attain
ments. It looked dark for me, when a man
from the panhandle arose and said:
'"Mr. Speaker, they say Clark's a great
lawyer. ; I come with proxies from my end
of the State all in my pocket, an' was noti
fied to vote for Clark. But I know no one
had any idee he was a lawyer. This State
has been hogswaggled by the lawyers till
she's so pore you can't sell enough cotton
to pay for the cattle the cactus kills, all
on account of the lawyers and the rail
roads that keeps.'em up. ■ I hope 'we won't
put in any lawyer, and I'm for Culberson.
Nobody's ever accused him of being a law
yer.' ;^sa^B^_*?^C^E^_^agg^g^^M*j*g"
"That speech resulted in mv nomina
tion,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, ; 1896.
U. S. GRANT IN BRONZE.
A Remarkable Image Obtained
by Sculptor Rupert
Schmid.
HISTORY OF THE MONUMENT.
The Unveiling at Golden Gate Park.
A Bust of Pope Leo XIII '■*/
on View.
The colossal bronze bust of General TJ.
S. Grant for Golden Gata Park has been a
long time coming to San Francisco, but
The Call is able to give the gratifying
news that no city in the United States has
a better or truer image of the general in
bronze than that which may now be seen
at the studio of the sculptor, Rupert
Schmid, on Van Ness .venue.
As a likeness the work is superb. The
strong, characterictic features of Grant,
the eyes, expanse of forehead, the firm,
tenacious chin, the resolute set of the
mouth and the pose of the head, are re
produced by the artist with marvelous
accuracy. No one who had the privilege
of knowing Grant personally and who
made a study of his features will dispute
the assertion that the image is almost per
fect. A-.PAB:
The general was not in good health
when he sat at his home in New York for
the sculptor, but his frame had not then
been wasted by the disease which caused
his death some time later. Prior to the
final sitting Mr. Schmid had made a close
study of the general's features and the
countenance was impressed on his mind.
Mrs. Grant and her sons, together
with Leland Stanford and others who
.were familiar with the general, were
highly pleased with the model.
About one year ago the figure was sent
to Munich along with other models to be
cast in bronze, and the bust of the general
was remarkably well cast.
Of the members of the Grant Monument
Committee, appointed from the committee
of one hundred in 1885, the survivors are
not many. Of the large amount of money
subscribed less than $2000 was collected.
Since then a surplus of $400 from the
Fourth of July Committee of 18S6 has been
raid into the fund. A subscription of
$100 was also paid. After the death of Le
land Stanford the committee was in a
sense disorganized and no effort was made
to collect subscriptions. The amount col
lected was deposited in the Anglo-Califor
nia Bank, and it is understood that the
bank will allow interest on the deposit. :
Mr. Schmid, the sculptor, has received
$1500 on account, and there is due him on
his contract the further sum of $1000.
Aside from the bust, he modeled the in
signia, or cluster of war trophies, to rest
on the granite base of the monument. The
trophies consist of cannon, musket, flag,
standard, eagle, hat, shield and sword.
The cluster is artistically woven in bronze.
Bronze plates bearine inscription of
battlefields will adorn "the shaft. These
decorations recount Belmont, Fort Donel
son, Shiloh, Vicksburg, Chattanooga,
Wilderness, Petersburg and Appomattox.
The height of the bust is 3 feet 8 inches.
The insignia of arms occupies about equal
space. As tbe monument will stand steps
will lead to the granite base. . On the base
the bronze cluster or insignia will be
placed. The monument proper is ten feet
high and will rest on four cannon balls and
the bronze bust will surmount the shaft.
• Theodore Reichert has received direct
and positive assurance that the money re
quired to place the monument in position
and defray expense of ceremonies attend
ing the unveiling will be forthcoming at
once.
While all the details have not been set
tled, it is understood that the monuments
will.be placed on the knoll or eminence
near the aviary in tbe park and not far
from the Star King statue. It has been
RUPERT SCHMID'S BRONZE BUST OF GENERA!. GRANT.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
suggested that the unveiling ceremonies
should take place April 22 next— Grant's
birthday— - that the surviving mem
bers of Grant's family shall be earnestly
invited to be present.
"Vacancies in the old committee caused
by death or removal from the City may be
filled by active citizens.
Grand Army posts, the Loyal Legion.
Sons of Veterans and other patriotic or
ganizations will probably join the com
mittee in preparing and executing a pro
gramme of. ceremonies worthy; of San
Francisco and of the illustrious American
whose memory is to be honored by the
monument.
Itis suggested that a special invitation
be sent to the President of the United
States, through a committee who will urge
him to attend the unveiling. v . '*•'
The first steps toward a monument in
memory of General Grant were taken at a
Chamber of Commerce meeting July 24,
1885. An executive committee -to arrange
Grant obsequies in this City.was then ap
pointed by Mayor Bartlett. The commit
tee consisted of H. L. Dodge, Claus
Spreckels, J. B. Stetson,- A. J. Bryant,
Stuart M. Taylor, Charles Clavton. W. L.
Duncan, Irving M. Scott and *W. B. Far
well.. On July 29 the : committee was
authorized to receive ' subscriptions ' for : a
monument, but it does not appear, that any
subscriptions were taken • under this au
thority, i ,_ . . ■*,
The executive committee on August 20,
1885, organized the Grant Memorial Asso
ciation, consisting of 100 citizens. Among
the r attendants : at the 7 meeting) of the
executive committee were: A Washington
Bartlett, Charles Clay ton; Jules Cerf, W.
RUPERT SCHMID'S BUST OF POPE LEO XIII.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
H. Holmes, J. T. Cutting, D. J. Staples,
W. L. Elliot, George K. Fitch, J. E. Kunk
ler, Theodore Reichart, P. B. Cornwall, H.
L. Dodge, Cornelius O'Connor, M. H. de
Young, R. J. Tobin, I. Steinhart, W. L.
Duncan, M. reenbaum.
On August 24, 1885, the Grant Memo
rial Association organized by the appoint
ment of an executive committee -and the
following officers thereof: President, Sen
ator Leland Stanford; first vice . presi
dent. Senator John F. Miller; second
vice president, J. C. Flood; third vice
president, W. E. Dean; fourth vice pres
ident, W. W. Montague; fifth vice pres
ident, A. P. Williams; treasurer, P. N.
Lilienthal; secretary, Theodore Reichart;
assistant secretary, M. Marcus.
The executive committee was composed
of the persons constituting the follow
ing committees;
Finance— William Alvord, W. Dresbach.
Charles Kohler, M. Greenbaum, J. Perry Jr.,
Colonel William Harney and Con O'Connor.
Auditing— C. Shreve, A. B. Elfelt and
A. 8. Hallidie.
Construction— Sloss, C. L. Taylor, If. C.
Mary, John Wright and Charles W. Kenltzen.
Design— l. M. Scott, Horace Davis, George T.
Marye, A. J. Moulder and Stuart Taylor.
Revenue- L. Elliot. J. W. Taylor, A. J.
Bryant, P. B. Cornwall aud J. J. Hecht.
It is certain that subscriptions were re
ceived, but how much was subscribed is
not known. The treasurer, P. N. Lilien
thal, and the secretary, Theodore Reich
art, are supposed to know how much was
collected.
The statement is made by Mr. Reichart
that many of the large subscriptions re
ported were uncollected. The revenue
received came mainly from small contrib
utors. In due time a statement of affairs
will be rendered. The report of the secre-
taiy and treasurer will be awaited with
considerable interest. -yy. ;
At Mr. Sen raid's studio may be seen a
fine bust in bronze of Pope Leo XIII, The
sculptor made the model twenty years ago
in Rome. It is three-fourths life size.
During tne past twenty years the Pope
has ' changed but; slightly in ( appearance.
The pho*ographs7 then taken are ac
counted good pictures of him as he appears
now;;-; The bronze of the Pope will proba
bly be placed on exhibition at the Mark
Hopkins Institute. The cast was made in
Munich and was received here with the
bronze of General Grant. *
CLAIMS OF THE MINORS.
Heirs to the Fair Estate Willing
to Sell Their 7 Lega
cies. 7
John A. Percy, as Guardian, Has Peti
tioned the Court for Permis
sion to Sell. ;,
,*-:.. John A. Percy, guardian of the, absent
minor heirs of 'the Fair estate, has peti
tioned the Superior Court to be allowed to
sell "personal property belonging ;to his
wards. The personal property referred to
_*__*s*_s_"3s_aa__»M_*__^"-:- - r ■ ' . ■
is the interest of each in the Fair estate.
Petitions are made on behalf of seven
Fair children, sons and daughters of
.lames H. Fair, who was the son of Thomas
Fair, James G. Fair's brother, and on be
half qf the six Lundy children, sons and
daughters of Mary Margaret Lundy, who
was a daughter of Thomas Fair. To each
family was left $10,000 to be, equally di
vided, and this left the share of each of
James H. Fair's children at $1111 11 and
the share of each of Mrs. Lundy's children
at $1428 51.
After stating that under either will of
James G. Fair.they are entitled to the same
amount, the petition further says:
That there It also further litigation now
pending affecting the said estate of James G.
Fair, deceased, and that it is proDable that the
settlement and distribution of said estate will
be greatly delayed, and that the said ward of
your petitioner, unless a sale be made as here
inafter prayed for, will for several years be
kept out of whatever share in the said estate
he may be entitled to under any will of said
deceased, provided' that it shall "finally be de
termined that said deceased died testate; but
li it shall finally be determined that said de
ceased died intestate said ward, not being an
heir at law, will receive no part nor portion of
the estate of said deceased.
Continuing, the petition states that even
should a will be admitted the share of the
ward of petitioner will not exceeed $1111 11,
and "responsible persons" have informed
the petitioner "that they will presently
pay the said sum of $1111 11 for whatever
interest said minor may have under any
will of said deceased as beneficiary or
otherwise." This refers to one of the Fair
children, but all the petitions are alike,
except in names and amounts.
The offer will not hold open forever, the
petitions say, and the heirs feel it is better
to accept the amount ' and release their
claims. This, it is said, means simply
that the claims are being bought up by the
estate in order to have the entire property
concentrated.*
The largest champagne manufactories
in Epernay have underground cellars
which cover, forty-five acres and contain
5.000,000 bottles of wine. There is a whole
street in Epernay lined with fine chateaux,
the proprietors of which possess similar
establishments. The whole town is hon
eycombed with these underground gal
leries for the manufacture and storage
of champagne.- .'.A-. I *.-.
Louisville has taken first place in the
production of plug tobacco. St. Louis for
merly held the record.
NEW TO-DAY.
WABApOYNOW.
Happiness in a Southern Man's
Home.
Heed the Red Flag of Danger at the
Railroad Crossing— A "Warning
to America's Men.
: '"'-"."
___r__^r,s:-\ "For twenty-six
J years I have used
SbHJe.' vf tobacco in great
_3it?_. /\_ quantities, and of
ife «*5Rp / late y ear! * took to
W B^p4V_rSf cigar ett e-smok-
-4^^^->-^7J^\Jy^f'£ ing," writes Mr. Vf.
(7\ -7 Jl£s&----\ ' E. 'Simpson of Le
S/m f / C'y~~* — v* 'Compie.V-La. "I
(Zj) I [ n^ZZZS-j**." want to go on rec-
P__ ~-_^ss~. :^^ '. ord that tobacco
$*eirs I have used
tobacco in great
quantities, and of
#•% late years took to
Am cigarette- smok-
f ing,'' writes Mr. W.
K. Simpson of Le
Compie,' La. " I
want to go on rec-
s . ord that tobacco
/ * \ r|:=-.-T-=__vs has robbed me of
y*]l I ,L< -I *. many years of life
I /\\v I __ .^ and a great deal of
I / >\\ J 'happiness. I realize
■/ / f j'.-'|. ■ ."■*■ it now as I compare
i iI S """ my feelings and
I/. ; \n I my condition with
•J I IJ>>? that of a year ago,
*! I '.when I was a to-
V il bacco -saturated
'-'A : ./z.:yi cigarette fiend.,. '
"Many many a time did I try to quit
smoking myself into eternity, but I could not
put through a day without suffering extreme
nervous torture, which. would increase hour
by hour till finally, to save myself, as it seemed,
from almost flying to pieces, I had to light the
little white pipe-stick and swallow the smoke.
"One any l read in my paper 'Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke Your Life A way.' just what I
was doing. " It came to me like "the warning of
the man who waves the red flag of danger at
the railroad crossing, and said that No-To-Bac
was an absolutely/ guaranteed * relief . from to-
bacco slavery. *.:;. . -.-. ; ■'■'■'•
. . "I did not believe it, but like a drowning
man grasping at . a straw I commenced taking
No-To-Bac.' ■'.'-.
"The effects were magical. It destroyed the
nerve-craving and desire for- cigarettes.* Two
boxes, would you believe it? made me well and
strong.. : ■.-'.■.-..■'.■ *- •■'.
;4'l have gained mentally, physically in.vigor
and manhood, nnd * with the brain • free from
the nicotine and a breath no -longer befouled
with tobacco smoke. I am so happy to-day to
write No-To-Bac did it all a year ago, so the
cure is time-tested and tried, not only in my
case, but several of my friends who have also
been cured. .---•■
* ■ "We have a baby boy now.
"My wife and i I feel, that all this happiness
started from the time when I first used "No-To-
Bac, and in evidence of our appreciation, and in
order that the memory of the happiness may be
perpetuated in a living form, we want to name
our baby boy alter the man who wrote the line
'Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke' Your Life Away.'
-VNo-To-Bac is popular here and all our drug-
gists sell it. V: Hardly a day passes but somebody
asks me about No-To-Bac, so -I- don't want you
to hesitate to use these lines in any way that
you think will make known "to suffering hu-
manity the happiness | that \ there lis in No-To-
Bac for the many men with nicotinized brains
and weakened- resolutions if they will only
makeup their minds to save the waste of vital
power— to say nothing ""of ; the money—
going up into smoke and out in tobacco spit."
N_"W to-day. :'-„v';'; ''-..-/Ji'j'
_j^wwitrw!tfwnf!!riif^nf§nfnfnfw«rvH!fnfmiifmTi!^
jSILKS! SILKS! SILKSij
| FOR WAISTS, 1
1 FOR SKIRTS, j
1 FOR DRESSES, |
rUK UKc^^ezv -^
I FOR LININGS. 1
______" —^*
1 Sec Some of Them in Our Window. I
gJT~ ■ x — -a>
% AT 1
__= 0C A About 200 yards of Striped and Figured All-Silk 73
: ___: _f_|f| Swiss Taffetas, which sold heretofore at 55c a yard —
—Z uflnn all good colorings and patterns. -*-^»
_s_- YAnii I
<*— • ■ _3
; ___■ AT J Our complete stock of Plain Surah Silks in almost
: SBC A/% ; every imaginable hue and tint ; some 21 inches wide, :_2
«^- "iMH ! others 24- inches. They were formerly sold at 75c -*-^w»
___■■ .V ** if ! and 50c a yard ; all put into one lot to close at 39c a :_!
g YARD i yard. 3
AT All our Fancy Silks that sold at 90c and Ssc a _^
•£= Oft i yard. The line includes Fancy Striped, Figured and *_35
-"*■*• iP Multicolored Effects in Glace, Taffeta, Arnuire and 3
i/n rf I Gros-Grain Weaves, especially suited to Waists, 73
_E YARD I Skirts and Full Costumes. f2
B~= AT About 10 pieces of Black Satin and Silk Pekin
' mZA 7Ca Stripes that were always sold at $1 25 a yard. These E^J
I UU ' are all new goods, imported during the season, and
*-*^~ YARD I particularly adapted to separate skirts. 3
I jy*~ ___________________________________ ■ —*"**,
**•— ~ \ ■ Z__>
I Sfc= In addition to the few quoted above we have many small p££
! s_: lots of Black and Colored Silks marked down to half their 3
| original prices. All of these are this season's goods, stylish 3
SH and fashionable at the present time, but must be closed out to 3
g*~ make room for the new Spring importations. Call and look -**«
«^-* them over» It will pay you. "-3
j^*~ 1 . — -* v
I OUR GREAT SHOE SALE 1
i: IS STILL GOING ON. 2
___:'••
IE Come and Get Yours Before the Sizes Are 3
£: Too Badly Broken. 3
o*— — -3'
j_t_ — ***
| The Hamburger Company, 1
t| Props, of "The Maze." 3
! i RAILROAD TRAVIS^
LOW RATES BY RAIL
. ....TO "./''',;>'•*
__=»<_>_Fi , r , i_i___._xri_», o_ei..
WEDNESDAY ...... JANUARY 29,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8:00 p. m.
A 1 ] -r rt— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tourist
Q/,OU Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in ©*J X.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, tjP-*-«J — ■
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
| Air Through Tickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Bates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET BTBEET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Oflice), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. . Gen. Pass. Age
SOVTIIBBK J" 4? I Fir COMPAX.,
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) * • * r
Train* leave nntl are «ln« to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
--avk — From November 20, 1805. — a hr tvi
0:30 a Haywards, Nile 3 and Way Stations. . 10: 1 3a
7i««a Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. B:4*.
7:00 a Denicia, Vacavillc, Rumsey, Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
and Santa Rosa... 6:15.
. _:30a Nllen, San Jose, • Stockton, lone. >":*•...,
Sacramento, Marysville, Red Rluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville. ... 4:1 Up
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7:lHp
1):00.\ Han Leandro, Haywards 4 Way St'ns 11:43 a
: 0:«*oa Los Angeles '-press, Raymond,
(for Yosemite), Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles.. .:_!!_
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:4.-».i
10: OCa San Leandro, Hayw_rds and Niles . 1:43r
18:00u San Leandro, Haynards 4 Way St'ns 2:45.
l:Ollp Nilcs, San Josoand Livermoro....;*. _:45a
•l:OOr Sacramento River Steamers *9:00p
1 :30p Port Costa and Way Stations 17:46.
3:00? San Leandro, Haywar<Uj& Way St'ns BsM»
4:00p San Leandro, Haywards & Way st'r.s 6:43***
4:00p Martinez, Sau Ramon,' Vallejo, ' ■: Azp
Napa, Calistoga, El V'crano ami •.
Santa Rosa »il3a
*:••*» Ecnlcia, Esparto, Woodland, .^v
v Knights Landing, ... Marysville,
Orovillo and Sacramento 10:45 a
-tSOr Wiles, San Jos*9, Livermore and
Stcckton 7:13p
3:00p San Leaadrc, Haywards* Way St'ns 8:45.
_<M. New Expre_i,Fresiio,Bal~ers-
Ap-'piip Held. Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, New Oilcans and
* East ; 16:45 a
Bi3or Snnta Fo Route, Atlantio Express
for Mojave and Ea5t........ 10:43 a '
6:00r European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:45 a
0:OOp Haynards, Nilcs and San J05e...... 7:45 a
17:00 p Vallejo '7:43p
7«_Or Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marjs- .
ville. Redding, Portland, Pngct
* Sound and East :...... 10:4 5 a
: 7:00p San Leandro, Haywards*; Way St'ns * 10:50 p.
»:oOp San Leaudro, Hay wards* Way Stns t 'l2:o9a
«J19:95p "Sunset liXßOsd," Fresno, ' Loo
Angeles. El Paso, New Orlcaui *.
and East '......... 81*_145f
f '11 tlßV'Bar. Leandro, Hay wards* Way St'nn. 7»13a
SANTA CltllZ DITISION (Narrow Gange).
_>I3a Newavlc,Centcrvillo,Saii.lose,Felton,*.
- Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
5tati0n5..........:.'...;.,... 3<soi
•a:lsp Newark, Oenterville, San Jose, New , '
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Sauta : Cruz and , Principal Way
Stations.'. .........."..;........'...'..* 1 :20a
4:lst> Newark, San Joso and Los Catos....' 0:50 a
t11:43p Hunters' E.cursion. San Jose and
'-_■ ■■:■: .. Way Stations...... ■ 17i29p 1
.-■COAST. DIVISION (Third A Tortiixrnd Sis.)
* 0:45 a San Jos. ami Wuy Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays ),'....*..' 1:43p
_ilsa San Jose, Tres l'iuos, Santa Cruz, .:..:>
: -■ *. Pacilic Grove. Paso Robler, Han
• Luis Obispo, Guadalupe ami Prin-
. cipal Way Stations .- 7:03p
10:49 a San Jose and Way Stations.......:. 5:00 p
11:15 a r.alo Alto mil Way Statious..* 3:301
- > 2:30p San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pi nog. Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
-•- Gruva . .. . . . : . .*.". . .". ,*: ... .; ........ "10:40 a
 *3:U9p San Joso and Principal Way Stations _: S7a
' *4:SOf San Joso and Way Stations..'..* . *H:O0a
■ 3:30p Sau Joss and Way Stations ' *M:4Sa
G:3Up San Joso and Stations 0:35.1
'll:4.*Sp Ban Jose Way 5tati0n5.........* '7:45}
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»m SIS FaiNCISCO— Foot of ilsrket Street (Sli? 8)—
---*7:li 9:00 11:00 a.m. ' 11:00 "*2:00 13-flt
'.•i:00. J5:03.;*6:00p.m.-,:.
frsm GlKllHD— Foot of Broad*"-...— ' 'CM 7 B*oo
*. 10:00 A.M. 112:00, *1:00 {2:00 »3:C3 tl"00
. r -"3:QOr.M."- ■•■':'■■ .**.'■.■ .-. . .
A for Morning. ','■' . P for Afternoon.
Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
_^t 1 Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•BTuesUays and Saturdays. « Sundays and Tbandaya i
_B_srs_«BE_t«_*iß_j«n_t*«»K'>. : : . ■ . ..... T***V'
RAILROAD TRAVEL. 1
SANFRASCISCO & MRIIPA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of "Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— i-AO, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 1235
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 r. m. Thursdays— Extra triji
at 11:30 p. xi. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. K.^*eQf_«>s4«%__Mse_aM-tmt(aM-|S
SONDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
- 6:00, 6:20 p.m. ■. , ■
San Kafuel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a. m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
st 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 P. M.
SUNDAY 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00,6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
Leave TnpfTec* Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 28." San Franc 's co -
Week I Son- v, c i l .?nar.'iou Sox- i Week
Days. | bays. "cs.tnatiqa. pAYB [ - jjays.
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am i -Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm, 6:00 pm; Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsbun;,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
'■ ' ] Picta, j~~
' Hopland &
____ 8:00 AM j Ukiah. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 AMI I 1 10:30 am
8:00 am I Guerneviile. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm | | 6:15 "H
7:40 am 8.00 am Sonoma ; 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 fm 5:00 pm and | 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
| Glen Ellen. | | __^^
7 :40 am 1 8 :00 am I a . b „ tnno 1 10:40 am j 10:30 AM
3:3opm|s:oopm| ae °Mtopol. [ 6: sp m[ 6:15 pK
stacr « connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
StageStonnect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
* Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Lakeport. -
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell. "Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal. Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
■ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . • ■* .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle building.
H.C. WHITING, P.. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic T_3&K_&s^ , *"-_
nlialiut
f_l •__• k___P^_&3_-_§S_
Pacific-
KAILEOAD
Trains leave from and arrive _fi_K?f__9S«___'
at Market-Street Ferry. <_s_3i_S_:S'o^ , "f^
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
leaves every day at 3:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman 1
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago !
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars ftr •
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO '.LIMITED,
From. Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey 8 management. Connecting iraina
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway, from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnla_-
cars. '-'-.■-■•
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
_ . y . - Clircn'clo Bnllui*-_:»
MTfl PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
WEEKDAYS. *
I For Mill Vr.llev and san Rafael— 7:3o. 916, 11:00
a. M.; 1:45,3:45, 5:15, 6:30 p.m.
I Ban Quentin— 7:3o, 9:16 a. m. : 1:46, 6:15 p. m.
, Extra trips lor San Batael on: Mondays, vVedne^
. days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ;
For Mill -Valley, . San Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 A. M.: 1:30.3:00, *6:15
T. X. *i>oca not run to San Quentin.
Wnsa&sim&ffii.TimouGH trains. * .WmtfMMm
7:30 a. m. weekdays-Cazadero and way station*
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
[ 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana wayaiatloak
56
___s^sjssf_^r^
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE, 7-
Editor and Proprietor.
C. ' . .—
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Ca__, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
Daily and Sunday Ca__, one year, by mall ... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Cal;.. three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
_cnday Call, one year, by mail '1.50
Wesjclx Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Fan Francisco, California.
telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
I.!eph<me ■ ........*..... _U!_-187«
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open natU
C -.SO o'clock.
85*9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
E-tl' £ o'clock.
'.bib Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock. .
lib *Sl_il_ street; open uutil 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
"Booms SI and 82, 84 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. TOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 29. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
"We are counting on Kentucky.
The monopoly is fighting for its life
now.
The lobby war horses are crazing in the
blue grass region.
The railroad choir is saddest when it
sings of "The Old Kentucky Home.''
Unless the monopoly heeds the danger
signals ahead the whole caboodle will be
ditched.
When railroad bosses attend to politics
more than to business accidents will
happen.
Already that much boasted flying squad
ron is lost to sight and isn't even to mem
ory dear.
The powers of Europe may have the Sul
tan on a rail, but they are not taking him
anywhere.
The Southern Pacific of Kentucky must
either get out of politics or be forced to go
out of business.
Huntington fights hard for his funding
bill, but he lets everything else on the rail
road go to smash.
Between the Senate and the House the
doctors disagree, but the people will de
cide in November.
The more the Senate talks of compro
mising the silver question, the more it
compromises itself.
Oh, say can you see through the dawn's
early light some sign in the heaven that
the sun is still there?
Congress should keep its hands off the
railroad and compel the railroad to keep
its hands out of Congress.
Five railroad accidents in less than ten
days are emphatic notices to Huntington
to mind his own business.
All other nations content themselves
with talking, but the Turk and the Russian
keep the buzzsaw running.
Congress calls upon Europe to protect
Armenia, but, of course, Europe will ask
why Congress doesn't help.
Of course John Bull would like an alli
ance with Miss Columbia, but this is the
ladies' year to do the proposing.
If the Senate prefers to be a debating
society rather than a legislative body, the
next topic for discussion should be Cuba.
The Sutro street railway is now running
to the Cliff, and in the meantime Hunt
ington's big road is caving down the bank.
"While the flood of public sentiment rises
around all the tracks and ways of the mo
nopoly the engineer in charge had better
go slow. 7 ..'•- 1
It is astonishing how many grave and
reverend Senators we have who continue
to reiterate their belief in bimetallism and
the gold standard.
From the recent action of Congress it
appears we may have a hand in the slicing
of Turkey, providing the Russian bear
hasn't already taken it in.
The House Committee on Pacific Rail
roads has referred the refunding bill to
Hoke Smith, but all the same the people
will have the last say about it. *
If the conflict of telegrams goes on much
longer in Cuba we may be able eventually
to recognize the belligerents, but we will
never be able to recognize the truth.
Where there are so many railroad acci
dents there is surely some one at fault,
and, moreover, the fault is not always that
of the men to whom the accident happens.
If Huntington had expended on his roads
in California the money he sent to Central
Africa the tracks and bridges would not be
giving way every time we have a rain
storm.
Secretary Morton has committed much
greater offenses than that of refusing to
distribute the seeds that Congress • pro
vided for, but all the same the Senators
were perfectly right in roasting him for
that. .-•/,:.
Despite the Kaiser's letter, the flying
squadron and all the bluster and blow of
war, the Transvaal incident seems to have
closed up by shutting a prison door upon
a solitary California miner who had noth
ing to do with it. That's funny.
The Cloverdale Citrus Fair opens to-day
and will continue for three days. Excur
sion trains will be run for the benefit of all
who wish to enjoy the pleasure of a holi
day amid the display of midwinter fruits,
and tbe festival will no doubt be liberally
patronized. 'Ay ■< ;-/
There is talk in Chicago of urging
Cleveland to send Potter Palmer as Em
bassador to Germany, and if all that is
wanted is a man rich enough to give balls
and learned enough to judge dry goods it
might be just as well to relieve Chicago
for a time of Mr. Palmer's presence.
Among tbe almanacs and political regis
ters issued for the current year none is
more carefully compiled or contains more
information of general interest pertinent
to the coming Presidential campaign than
that of the Chicago News. It contains 456
pages, is well printed and gives a generous
amount of space not only to statistics, but
to an impartial statement of the principal
issues now before the people. *
THE AEMENIAN EESOEUTIONS.
The action of the two houses of Congress
in passing a concurrent resolution express
ing the earnest hope that the powers of
Europe will take decisive measures at once
to check the outrages committed by the
Turks in Armenia will have no other effect
than that of raising the question how far
the United States would be willing to take
part in the affairs of Europe and Asia.
It is clear that if as a nation we chose to
exert any direct influence in Europe we
could do so with great force and effect at this
time. "We could without trouble arrange
just now almost any kind of alliance we
chose with Great Britain or with Russia,
and perhaps even with both. Recent
speeches of members of the British Cabi
net and the prevailing tone of the London
press make it certain that country would
gladly hail an alliance with us on any
terms we should think if worth while to
offer. From Russia, of course, nothing
has been heard, for that is not land of
free speech, or of much speech of any kind,
but her historic friendship with us is still
unbroken, and there is no reason to doubt
that her statesmen would be as willing as
those of England to welcome us to an
alliance that would give us a potent, if not
a dominant, voice in the great councils of
the nations.
The situation in fact is such that if we
chose to assume the responsibility the
United States could at this time stand
forth as the arbiter of- the destinies of the
Turkish empire. The powers of* Europe,
after all the efforts of their diplomatists,
have been unable to reach an agreement
upon which they can take action. This
means, of course, they are' so equally di
vided neither side dares to make a move,
and as consequence if the United Stutes
added her strength to that of either side,
it would be able to go forward with such
an assurance of victory in case of war
there would probably be no danger the
other side would venture upon war.
Against the exercise of the power which
this condition of affairs places in our hands
there is opposed our traditional policy
founded upon the warning of Washington
to beware of entangling alliances with
foreign countries. That policy we have
kept inviolate up to this time. We were
invited to take part in the Berlin treaty
which arranged Turkish affairs after the
last war between Russia and that country,
but declined to do so. Thus we have no
direct responsibility in what is going on
now, and there was logic in the argument
of those members of Congress who opposed
the concurrent resolutions on the ground
that to advise the parties to the Berlin
treaty after we had refused to take part in
it would be an impertinence.
The logic of events, however, is much
stronger than the logic of the schools.
The concurrent resolution has passed both
houses of Congress, and the President
will lay it before the governments of the
great powers. The United States has at
last made her voice heard in the affairs of
Europe. It is not a strong voice at pres
ent. It does no more than make a request.
It implies no promise of an alliance or even
of any help to such powers as are willing
to grant the request. It will have, there
fore, but little effect in helping Armenia,
but it is certain to raise new questions in
the minds of far-seeing diplomats and lead
them to consider how soon the United
States may be expected to take an active
part in the world's politics, and how far
she may go when she begins to move.
A CHANGE OF FRONT.
The introduction by Supervisor King of
an ordinance licensing pool-selling requires
explanation on several different grounds.
In the first place the licensing of any occu
pation or business is a recognition of its
legitimacy. Not long ago some of Mr.
King's confreres in the Solid Eight were
defending their proposition to prohibit
pool-selling everywhere within the City
limits on the ground that it was immoral,
If it was immoral then it is so now*, and
hence it is proposed to license an immoral
practice. Of course, it was never for a mo
ment believed that this excuse for attempt
ing to "cinch" the racetracks in retalia
tion for the popular movement against
downtown poolrooms contained the small
est element of sincerity, and even had that
charitable construction been placed on the
attitude of the Solid Eight it would have
been a proclamation of the stupid folly
which animates that compact.
In tbe second place.it looks strange that
Mr. King, immediately on the defeat of
thar, proposition by the defection of two
members of the Solid Eight, should have
introduced the stultifying license proposi
tion, when the presumption was that this
defection would remain permanent so far
as 'Supervisorial protection of the down
to" wn poolroom infamy was concerned, and
that the new ordinance drawn .in the in
terest of these dens could not be passed.
The situation is exceedingly complex. It
might be assumed that Mr. King, in his
desperate eagerness to prevent the extinc
tion of the downtown dens, has introduced
the licensing ordinance ' merely to give
them such longer time for plundering
boys, clerks and women as will be gained
by the routine which the ordinance will
have to take before it comes up for final
passage, but that explanation does not
seem to be fully satisfying.
Meanwhile Supervisor Morgenstern, who
voted against the suppressing ordinance,
and Supervisor junker, who declined to
vote, deserve the thanks of the com
munity, and judgment in their cases with
regard to further affiliation with the Solid
Eight, in other matters may well be sus
pended until some overt act is committed.
It is true that after the lirst break which
they made some weeks ago they returned
to the fold, but at the last pinch * they de
serted it, and they deserve all commenda
tion for that.
It should be borne in mind, too, that the
ordinance prohibiting pool-selling alto
gether was against the existence of the
downtown poolrooms, and there \ may be
some so heartless as to intimate not: only
that the defection is explainable on that
ground, but that . Supervisor King knpws
whence he will receive sufficient support
for the new ordinance which he has offered
and which will permit the downtown dens
to flourish and rob under the sanction of
law. 7 •'■z/7T.
BLEEDING KANSAS.
The cad experiences of Kansas, as re
lated in Tuesday's Call, by B. F. McLean,
member of the City Council of Wichita,
should prove a warning to other States
which run after strange political gods. He
shows how people and business of one
kind or another have been driven from the
State by the radical policies of new politi
cal parties, Wichita alone suffering a re
duction of 17,000 in its population of 40,000.
It was all because one of the new parties,
upon *coniing into power, drove - out ; the
foreign element by placing distasteful re
straints on the exercise of personal liberty,
and another, which succeeded it, ham
pered the rights; of property so severely
that it sought freer fields. ■ ■ ■ 7. ' *'-' •■
he time will never arrive when ex
tremists will not be among us to agitate
"reforms" which a majority of the people
do not desire. They will be successful in
this place or that, by the sheer force of a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
strong local exercise of persuasion. But
changes introduced under such circum
stances must of necessity be ; transient.
The harm of them is illustrated in the case
of Kansas. They impose hardships which
do not exist in other parts of the country,
and people injuriously affected will seek
easier conditions elsewhere. "Wherever
they go they carry with them and spread
with increasing dimensions and volume a
bitter hostility to the practices which drove
them away.
The Populists, who have contributed so
generously to the retrogression that has
overtaken Kansas, embody in their very
elaborate and comprehensive scheme some
excellent propositions, but |as the people
are not generally willing to accept them
their enforcement brings discontent and
disaster. A political party can never be
great or powerful that is not born of the
desire of approximately half the people of
the country for the adoption of a certain
policy. In other words it must be repre-
sentative rather than dictatorial; it must
follow not lead."
That explains the vitality of the two
great parties of this country and the fail
ure of Populism wherever it has been tried.
It is well to have reformers in the world,
for they exercise an influence for good
where they are held in judicious bounds.
It is only when they organize independ
ently, instead of trying earnestly and in
telligently to exert a wise influence within
the ranks of great parties, that they are
mischievous. ■ • ' •*'."■,-;-
THE EEMEDY OLEAE.
M. M. Estee, in a communication pub
lished in Tuesday's Call, quotes from the
Congressional act of March 3, 1887, which
authorized the Pattison investigation into
the affairs of the aided railroads, and
shows that it provided clearly for a pro
cedure that renders the consideration of a
funding bill by Congress impertinent and
useless. That act specifically authorizes
the President, in the exercise of his dis
cretion, to direct the Secretary of T the
Treasury to pay off the first mortgage,
and provides that he may then proceed to
foreclose the Government's mortgage, and
that any money accumulated in the sink
ing fund may be applied to the purchase
of the first-mortgage bonds.
The point raised by John T. Doyle should
not be lost sight of in this connection,
namely, that the validity of the first
mortgage bonds is open to attack, Mr.
Doyle insisting that the conditions of the
act authorizing their issuance wer<"* not
complied with. Probably the right pro
cedure would be for the Government to
bring an action to test the validity of the
bonds and place the amount of their pur
chase in escrow pending the determination
of the matter, and then proceed with the
foreclosure of its own mortgage. .'/.".'
The main point, however, is that Con
gress has already legislated this whole
subject out of its bands and into those of
the President. Such legislation was net
really needed, as the case is plainly and
simply that of foreclosing a second mort
gage after first paying off the first.
Under all the circumstances the people
will be forced to conclude, if the funding
bill is passed, that it will be more from a
consideration of Mr. Huntington's in
terests than those of the country. The
attitude of Congress is already assuming a
scandalous aspect. Mr. Huntington in
person, flanked with a numerous, able
and persistent lobby, is boldly and openly
on the ground interviewing Senators and
Representatives. That is lobbying. If he
had confidence in his own cause he would
be content to present his case, as he prop
erly might, before the committees having
the matter in charge. We seem to be on
the eve of a National scandal, and the
President has the power to put an end to
it by doing what the law authorizes him to
do.
PERSONAL.
Rev. C. Ben-Ham of Napa, is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. R. L. McLain of Los Angeles is at the
Baldwin.
L. T. Hatfield, the attorney of, Sacramento, is
in the City.
Dr. C. E. Congdon of Oregon is among recent
arrivals here.
Ex-Congressman Louttit arrived from Stock
ton last night.
Charles Cunningham, a general merchant of
Ukiah, is at the Grand.
J. S. Stevens, a lumber manufacturer of
Peoria, 111., is in the City.
Howard Gage of the United States steamer
Adams is at the Occidental.
H. M. La Rue, the Railroad Commissioner, of
Sacramento, is among recent arrivals.
J. R. Freth, the owner of very large flourlng
mills in New York City, is at the Palace.
C. H. Guttridge. an extensive real estate
dealer of Los Angeles, arrived here last night.
William Beckman, the banker and ex-Rail
road Commissioner, of Sacramento, is in town.
John Finnell and George E. Goodman, the
bankers, of Napa, arrived hero last night and
are at the Palace.
J. W. Henderson, tho well-known banker of
Eureka, Humboldt Bay, is at the Lick accom
panied by his family.
George P. Goettman, the rich iron manufac
turer of Pittsburg, arrived here yesterday on
a visit of several weeks. He is at the Palace.
D. K. Knight, the millionaire of Marysville.
who owns woolen-mills there, large areas of
land and much other property, is at the Lick.
J. M. Durand, a member of the Chicago
Board of Trade, arrived here last night from
the Windy City. He says it is pretty quiet in
the Chicago board now.
Captain George S. Hinsdale, who owns several
vessels here, has returned to the Lick House
from Santa Barbara, where he has been for
about two months past.
Frank H. Belcher, the well-known vocalist
and popular Native Son, arrived from the East
on Sunday night on a visit to relatives in this
State. He is at present staying at "Glen Una,"
the country place of Frank Hume, near Los
Gatos; - ■
S. Gugenhelm, a wealthy resident of Denver,
who is interested in smelters there, at Pueblo
and elsewhere, and also in some paying mines
at Leadville, is in the City. He and his broth
er.- and father, who arc his associates, have
offices in New York. Denver and Butte.
M. Page Minor of Fresno is in the City in con
nection with negotiations for the Mineret iron
property, ninety miles from Fresno, in ; the
Sierral Nevada*. He says'' there are 500,000
tons of Iron ore in sight, the analysis of which
is from 66 tc 84 percent of pure iron. The idea
Is to build a railroad to the mines, connecting
with the Valley road at Fresno, and also to
erect a large smelter at the mine. He will be
here several days. - --
Senator J. M. Cleaves of Redding, member of
the California River and Harbor Commission
and delegate from the commission to Washing
ton to work in the interest of the rivers and
harbors of the State, left for Washington Inst
night. He will probably be . absent for several
weeks. The other, delegates will follow in a
few days. * Senator Gleavcs said he would try
aud carry out the purposes of the commission
and get suitable appropriations . for California.
"Dear me," said Maud, "there has. been a
dreadful lot of talk in the financial articles
about a gold ring. What do you suppose they
are driving at?"
t "Oh, I don't know," ; replied Mamie in a
weary tone. "I guess * it's just some more of
this silly joking ; about engagements."—Wash
ington Star. ___7TT_7T7_A ■ "_'•?■'
Simmons— is the matter with you?
You look as if some = one had made you angry.
Timmins— Some one has. - I asked the editor
of the Bugle • what he reallylthought of my
poetry, and he told me if there were such | a
place as tho iaureatcship in ; this country I
would be sure to get it.— lndianapolis Journal.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Hugh McDonald, the mining man, who re
turned recently from the East and England,
has during the last fortnight visited Tucson
and other points in Arizona in reference to
some mining property. there. He returned only
a aay or two ago.
Recently Mr. McDonald and James Salee,
formerly one of the owners in the noted Iron
Mountain mine, bought the Copper City mines,
on Bulton Hill, Shasta County. " It is spoken of
as a big property. ; ;.
"We are now. driving two tunnels," said Mr.
McDonald at v the Palace yesterday. "One is
the old tunnel, which is now. extended a dis
tance of 700 feet, and ; the other is a new one,
and is 275 feet. . It is a crosscut tunnel on the
vein, tapping the same vein as the old one.
"We are making a big mine. There is in the
old tunnel a spur vein of $100 ore. It is gold,
silver and copper."
Mr.; McDonald, in -company with ex-Judge
Cleary of Leadville, some time since effected
the sale of the old Iron Mountain mine to Alex
ander Hill, Mr. Fielding of London and others.
Hugh McDonald, Who Effected the Sale
of the Iron Mountain Aline.
[Sketched from' life by a " Call " artist.]
Mr. Fielding is a descendant of the famous Eng
lish author who wrote "Tom Jones" and other
stories, vividly ' portraying " the *■ life of those
times. •.-.....' •; . -■;,
Mr. Hill is now general manager of the afore
said mines. He is carrying on large work
there, building a 12-mile railroad and employ
ing an enormous force ot men.
Mr. McDonald says that there is renewed life
in nearly all the mining camps of Shasta.
. The camps that have been almost dead for
many years are now pulsating with life. The
increased interest in gold mining has caused
all this.
Mr. McDonald expects to leave in about a
month for London again. He grew up in. the
mines of Montana, and is very familiar with
all tho mining camps there. In the early days
of Butte he was active in mining enterprises,
and he was one of the first to go to Lcudville
when the silver carbonate discoveries there
astonished the world. .. . .- .'.;
DEPARTED.
Last night the watchers stood around my couch
And said In whispers, "Life Is nearly sued!"
My eyes beheld dim lights upon a shore
Whence came soft ripples breaking at mv feet;
I heard a boatman casting ort his chain;
I saw him light tie- caudles at the prow;
And of the dreams of earth that crowded in '
To ask a place beside the pilot dumb.
I only held the things my soul had loved.
Blent, colorings I kept of hill and sea,
Low snnn of woodlands and the hush of pines,
Soft murmurlngs of streams by mountain sides—
(Remembrances that flit, like tiny sails,
across the lake of memory, and sink '■'.
Beyond the dark headlands at the farthest sight;)
No winning from the cruel strife for gold,
Nor gage of stxugcle captured in the crowd
That delve the mines of avarice and hate;
And when 1 heard a music o'er the wave.
nd voices of my youth besought my i :irs,
I knew my boat bad parted from the shore.
Joux James Mi:i:i;a\- In New York Sun.
A FORGOTTEN WAR.
Our little war with the Falkland Islands
seems to be entirely forgotten, writes S. G. W.
Benjamin in the New York Sun.' It is true
that it was not of long duration and may ap
pear insignificant compared with some of the
conflicts in which our country has engaged.
But its real importance lay in the fact that it
indicated the spirit which at that time per
vaded our councils, a patriotic, sentiment
shared, if, indeed.it was not stimulated, by
that great soldier and President, Andrew Jack
son. As such the incident is worthy of being
recalled at a time when the patriotic fervor of
the people of the United States has been re
kindled by the possibility of hostile complica
tions with foreign nations.
The Falkland Islands lie in 43 degrees south
latitude ana northeast of Cape Horn. They
have a growing value for their seal and other
fisheries, as well as because they offer a con
venient rendezvous to vessels cruising in the
South Atlantic. After various political vicissi
tudes they were aoanaoned by the British Gov
ernment in 1774, although the usual emblems
of sovereignty, flagstaff, flag and coat-of-urms
were singularly left there, as if with the inten
tion of resuming control at a more convenient
time. The years went by; the whalers and
sealers of nil nations continued to rendezvous
at the islands without having to pay port dues
or encountering any ostensible authority.
At last it occurred to Buenos Ayres that here
was a territory of several thousand square
miles which, in default of any other proprie
tor, might well belong to her. She fortified
her claim, however, by assuming that she in
herited the long- forgotten claim of Spain, as if
Buenos Ayres nad any more right to that
claim ihan all the other States which had once
formed part of the Spanish dominion in South
America. Be this as it may. in the year 1829
Don Luis Ver net was commissioned "by the re
public of Buenos Ayres as "captain-general or
Governor of the Falkland Islands.with full pow
ers to seize and. to hold the islands for that
republic against all and sundry who might
dispute his title. To give emphasis to his
broad commission he was to wear a uniform
stiff, with the usual large proportion of gold
lace displayed . by Amerieo-llispano uni
forms. A small military force and several can
non also accompanied the Governor, without
which neither commission nor uniform would
have availed. Don Luis carried with him full
authority as well to seize, hold, confiscate or
exterminate ail fishermen or traders, together
with their vessels and cargoes. In a word, he
was supreme dictator of the Falkland Islands
and the waters thereto adjacent.- Don Luis
safely arrived at his destination and imme
diately took possession *"in the name of
the great Jehovah" and the republic of
Buenos A res - ' A fort being constructed, and
the guns mounted, his next proceeding was
to seize three American sealers that unsus
piciously, entered the port. They were the
superior, the Harriet and the Breakwater.
Ihe first was sent by I Don Luis to the Pacific
after seals, while her Yankee crew was landed
by force on Staten Island, near Cape Horn,
and left there to collect seals for the Governor
J'on _,vis. he Harriet, for some reason which
does not appear, was dispatched to Buenos
Ayres lor condemnation.. But the Breakwater
succeeded in making her escape and brought
to the u te d States the news of this unex
pected and ; high-handed attack on ; Ameri
can citizens and . property. Andrew
Jackson was not the • * man to endure
lor a moment such trifling T with the
leathers of the American eagle. He did not
stop to parley with the Government at Buenos
Ayres;, to exchange diplomatic notes and pour
parlers; Jo endure the backing and filling, ex
penses, shillyshallying promises and lingering
delays not uncommon on such occasions, and
commonly submitted to by -weak administra
tions that do not understand the rights of their
own country or their, own minds. . The admin
istration of Jackson was not of that flabby sort.
He proceeded directly ad rem. -• -■■•>
_ The United States suip-of-war Lexington,
captain Duncan | commander, was ordered to
sail without delay for the Falkland Islands aad
declare war on his Excellency, the Governor
Don Luis Vernet, in - his capital, situated on
the chief port of the aforesaid islands. | Captain
Duncan touched first atStaten Island to rescue
the crew of the Superior and relieve them from
acting any longer as the slaves of a foreign
tyranny. He then steered for the Falklands,
where he arrived December 28. 1831. There
was no time lost in negotiations. Captain
Duncan landed a' force and immediately
moved on the enemev's works, which
promptly surrendered. The ' guns of the
fort were spiked and the garrison stripped
of their arms. Restitution of all the American
property was then demanded and immediately
enforced. In conclusion. Captain Duncan
secured the persons of the Governor and six of
his chief advisers and transported them to
Buenos Ayres, to be tried for the outrages they
had committed against the United States. The
Government of Buenos Ayres professed the
greatest indignation with what it was pleased
to term an almost irreparable affront. But
there the affair ended, for Andrew Jackson,
then President, was a man who appreciated
the fact that the President of the United States
has ho higher duty than to protect American
citizens rights and property in foreign parts
without delay and without quailing.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Willie— was kept in to-day for throwing a
plug of paper at another boy.
Mamma— wasn't that perfectly just?
Willie— l don't think so, mamma, when I
missed the boy by a foot.— York Truth.
Mrs. Cumso— l can distinctly see the man in
the moon. , . p/'/A A.:,. •
Mr. Cuinso— l'll bet it's an Englishman after
the lunar gold deposits.— York Sun.
King Cophctua addressed the beggar maid
kindly. *.- ,•■ „; Apy, *. • 4 4p:44 ,
"Is that real?" he asked, pointing to the
color of her cheek.
"Yes," answered the maid: "that is a straight
flush." -7*A ;y ":■" •
"Well, that beats me," exclaimed his Ma
jesty, directing a flourish of trumpets by way
of ending the parley.— Detroit Tribune.
He— l had a queer dream about you last
night. Miss Louisa. I was about to give you a
kiss, when suddenly we were separated by a
river that gradually grew as big as the Rhine.
She— was there no bridge or boat?— Lo
ndon Tit-Bits.
"How will you have your eggs cooked?"
asked the waiter.
"Make any difference in the cost of 'em?" In
quired the cautious customer with the brim
less hat and faded beard.
"No." T '-.
"Then cook them on the top of a slice of
ham," said the customer, greatly relieved.—'
Cincinnati Enquirer.
Mrs. Braidem— Colonel Pody! what do
you mean by shooting the butter?
Colonel Pody— l tho't I saw it move.— New
York World.
Near-sighted Old Goodness me! Here's
a man coming down the street with a brick in
each hand. ,:P77 :^p4Py:-p''- -
Her Daughter— Don't be frightened, mamma.
It's ■only Charlie. Pluggins" with his russet
gloves on. —Roxbury Gazette. ■*"-■* v -"*■ • '.
To one of two brothers who keep a store on
Main street an. old employe came last night.
"If your brother doesn't take back what he
said to me yesterday I'm going to quit," an
nounced ihe man, with dignity.
"What did he say?" asked the brother. : >/•■/.
' "He said that the firm wouldn't require my
services any longer."— Buffalo Express.
Damages Assessed!— " You' advertise to pull
teeth without pain for 50 cents," growled the
victim, "and here not only half pull my
head off but want me to give up a dollar.
What do you mean by it?" • - ; v
"I charged you that extra 50 cents for yelling
so," said the dentist. "I bet you drove away
all the possible customers within four blocks."
—Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Aren't you the same beggar that I gave half
a pie to last week?"
"I guess I am, mum; but I'm willia' to let
bygones be bygones. It ain't in my heart to
bear no Indianapolis Journal.
"No, sir; a man with a face like that is never
a coward."
"How do you know?" A- :>T
i "It's so homely that he couldn't have any
fear of spoiling it."— Chicago Record.
"We have just bought a new clock, Mr. Sta
late," she said, sweetly.
"Indeed?" -
"Yes. ■■ And it has such a novel arrangement.
It has a music-box attachment."
"Does it play every hour?"
"No. Only at half-past 10. Then it plays
'Home, Sweet Home.' "—Washington Star.
Parrott— men are born great, some
achieve greatness—
Wiggins— Yes, and others wear English
clothes that are too big for them.— Harper's
Bazar. ■'• - ' ':
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
A benevolent; Englishman has just given
$5000 toward the maintenance of the London
Cats' Home. ..'■/. *'
Queen Victoria's annual visit to the Conti
nent is said to cost on an average something
like $50,000 to $60,000.
Both Mr. Gladstone and the late Lord Tenny
son were, it is said, favorable to the appoint
ment of Sir Lewis Morris as Laureate.
Sir Augustus Harris has decided that here
after in no pantomime presented at the Drury
Lane Theater shall a female role be played by
a man.
• Mrs.W. 11. Mier of Hunter's Bottom, Ky , had
three babies* recently— a pair of girls and a
boy. A woman living near there can say, hov,-
cve'r: "Huh! That's nothing. I've had four
myself." •
. Sarasate, the violinist, is remarkably simple
in his manner of life. Though his apartments
ln London are magnificent, his food is always
of the most homely kind, no better than that
of a peasant. . : r . :,-■■
Miss Caroline V. Bernard, whose mother, the
late Caroline Richings Bernard, was a famous
singer twenty years ago, is the contralto of the
choir of the First Presbyterian Church of
Philadelphia. ■
When in Rome Signor Crispi has an escort of
twenty-six police officers, which costs Italy
$1*2,500 a year.- When he leaves the city the
expense is increased to three or four times
that amount. 7.--*-*' r '
Mrs. Elizabeth Duane Gillespie of Philadel
phia, a great-granddaughter of Benjamin
Franklin, was 75 years old on Thursday, and
her friends marked the day by giving her a
purse of $18,000.
Melville E. Ingalls, president of the Cleve
land, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Rail
road, is a Maine man who began his career as
a schoolteacher. He entered the railway ser
vice in 1870, when he was 28 years old.
Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson gives it as
his fixed opinion' that every man and every:
woman should attain the age of 100. Accord
ing to Sir Benjamin the would-be centenarian
must never smoke nor drink; must eat very
little meat, and ho must not work by artificial
light.. ; .___
Durham White Stevens, the counselor of the
Japanese legation in Washington, is an Ameri
can who resided many years in Japan and be
came thoroughly acquainted with its language,
history and customs. Mr. ; Stevens is : thor
oughly American, but Jn diplomacy Japan's
right-hand man.
Hon. A. W. Payne of Penobscot, Me., has at
tended every term of the Supreme Court at
Bangor for fifty-nine years, with the exception
of, ono winter, when illness kept him at home.
He was on hand at the opening of the court
last week with a case for trial. He has argued
cases at every. term, of court except the one
when he was ill. •
In Canon Rawnsley's recently, published bi
ography of the late Harvey Goodwin, Bishop
of Carlisle, the following is quoted as the fa
mous Englishman's . opinion^ of President
Cleveland: "A very. powerful. 'looking man
with a large head, and neck like a bull, who
would be } able [to get through any amount of
work without fuss or fatigue; a bright-eyed, in
telligent man of : the rougher type of manhood
but more agreeable in manner." r
James Gordon Bennett; editor and proprietor
of the New York Herald, spends the 'greater
part of ; his; time in Paris attending to the pro
duction .; of , the continental edition of : his
paper. There he 'may be usually found In his
oflice .* at 120 Avenue dcs Champs Elysees, the
floor, littered an inch deep with letters, the
table before him piled with unread messages,
and the smug valet at the door for ever gliding
in with dispatches from all corners of the
world.
OUR MISSION.
When we were boys at school we were taught
that to be successful in life we must be diligent
and take advantage of all the opportunities
which our instructors so kindly placed in our
way. We must also be truthful and honest in
all our dealings with que another in order to
win the respect and confidence of our fellow
men. But when we reached the age of discretion
what did we find, and what has been our experi
ence ever since?. Did we find culture and truth
seated in the high places of our land, or was
power everywhere in the hands of ignorance
and fraud? Did we find administrators of the
public money who could prevent a wandering
hand from stowing it In their own pockets?
Did we find the cold shoulder turned upon the
rogue or life made any harder for the villain?
No; we found that life was only hard for the
poor, and the cold shoulder was only turned to
its fellow as it peered out of a ragged coat.
Even so were the illusions of childhood swept
aside by the cold, cold blasts that cross the
rough pathway of the man.
Now, we regard the newspaper as having a
mission in life beyond the mere collection of
dollars for advertisements and the retailing of
filth for the gratification of the prurient, and
we shall put our shoulder to the wheel with all
the strength we have in the interests of a bet
ter order of things. We shall do all we can to
make life uncomfortable for ignorance and
villainy, and strive to the utmost of our power
to give enlightenment and truth a chance. This
is the only cause we have to advocate. We
are pinned to nobody's coattails, nor do
we take our opinions from any one else. We
think what we choose and say what we please,
but the things that please us are just those
which we believe to be for the permanent wel
fare of humanity, and we are resolved to give
them ventilation. There is only a spot here
and there— about as scarce as trees on " the
Colorado desert— where the truth can be heard.
Everybody who has a mind capable of think
ing has sold it to somebody for whom nature
has forgotten to make this provision, and
ignorance and rascality are having all the fun.
Ail we can do may not amount to much, but
whatever it does amount to will be thrown into
the scale that holds culture and truth.— Marin
County Herald. •
A LADY'S APRON.
A full apron that will cover the entire dress
and with large sleeves that fit comfortably
over dress sleeves is a garment indispensable to
every woman. This design is in three pieces,
besides the sleeve. Front is seamless, hanging
straight from the shoulders. The back is in
two pieces, buttoning in the center. The
sleeves are the bishop shape. -77:
Plain or striped ginghams make most ser-
viceable aprons. Such fabrics as lawn lor
nainsook may be used if something more
dainty is desired.,  .■.■■:,■■'■■
Lounging or bath robes can be made after
this same design by cutting the back in one
piece and cutting the front in two and allow
ing a hem on both sides.
It is desirable also for night dresses, which
are dainty and comfortable made in this way.
A deep frill of lace or embroidery may be used
to finish the neck and may be substituted for
cuffs on the sleeves.
For amateur artists' aprons, denim is often
used; this also makes a serviceable dress for
housekeepers to wear in the kitchen. .. '■■':■' ■■'■:■ ...
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Monterey's Big Guns— V,'. R. G., City.
The cost of firing one of the big guns of the
Monterey is about $800.
Captain's Pay— F. . W., . Oakland, Cal. _ The
pay of captains on the steamers of the Pacific
Mail line is from $175 to $200 per month.
Foreign Coins— E. 11.,I 1 ., City. I There is no de
mand for "Wellington half-pennies of 1816."
It is impossible to say if the "Ferdinand VII
silver piece" has any special value, for the rea
son that the writer does not designate its de
nomination. ._. .  .
Stamp Collectors— G. EC. D., San Lorenzo,
Alameda County, Cal. . This department does
not, as has been announced a number of times,
advertise any business or firms or iudividuals,
and for that reason "the names of several
stamp houses" are not given. This is purely a
personal. matter, and co-respondents asking
for information of that charater should in
close a self-addressed and stamped envelope
for reply. ■'/... ■' . .A *'.
* California Coins— J. H., Elmira, Cal. The
slug, or $50 piece, was coined by J assay offices
in this State prior to the establishment of the
Mint and at a time when any stamped coin
passed current for its face value. Some were
round, but the majority were octagonal. Gold
quarters, also from private mints, were round
and octagonal. For octagonal slugs dealers
offer from $55 to $05 and lor round ones .they
offer from $60 to $80. For the latter they
charge from $90 to $125.
European Fleets— lnquirer, City, and M. A.
L., Stockton, Cal. The German fleet has the
following number of vessels Armored 34, un
armored 40, auxiliary 10; Great Britain, 92
armored, 205 unarmored and 26 auxiliary;
France, 64 armored and 101 unarmored; Rus
sia, 45 armored, 38 . unarmored and 8 auxil
iary; Italy, 23 armored and 40 unarmored;
Austria, 15 armored and 20 unarmored; Tur
key, 17- armored, 30 unarmored and 35 tor
pedo-boats. Great Britain has 232 torpedo
boats, France 279, Germany 200, Italy 203,
Austria 73 and Russia 171. >.•./''-'
Foe a Patent— C. A. L., San Jose, Cal. When
an inventor files an application for a patent he
must sign the specification and claim, and
that must be signed by two witnesses. The
inventor must make oath that he verily be
lieves himseli to Le the original and first dis
coverer, and such oath can be made before
any person in the United States authorized to
administer oaths; if in a foreign country it can
be made before any minister, charge d'affaires,
consul or commercial agent holding commis
sion under the Government of the United
States. : ■ y .Ap-,/ '. ■--A-,
People's Home Savings Bank— s., City. The
California Safe and Trust Company, that has
the books of a number of depositors in the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank, now in liquidation,
has not done anything in a legal way in the
matter except to commence a suit,' which was*
subsequently withdrawn. rlt is claimed .that
litigation would be useless at this time, for the
reason that the assets ot the defunct bank are
all more or less tied up. '.* The directors assert
that they are doing what they can to straighten
out matters and to force the sale of property
with a view to an early settlement of the af
fairs of the bank.-. *- ; ..-.■■-. •■:.*■
One Million Stamps— A Reader, San Jose, Cal.
No one. offers $100' for" 1,000,000 canceled
postage stamps. This alleged offer is an old
story. Some years ago a number of gentlemen
were talking about, stamps in one of | the | East
ern cities, and one of them remarked that it
would be worth a hundred dollars to collect a
. If you want a sure" relief for -»ains in the 'back, side, chest, 'orj^
f. '■ limbs, use an • / 9
All rortr'c Porous 5
iltUtK 2.5 Plaster _
Bear in.Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita- ?
VT: tions is as good as the genuine. E_
million postage stamps, but did not say that
hewoulS give that amount to any one who
would undertake the task. A New YorJt
paper man who heard of this published the
conversation, and soon there was a story afloat
to the effect that them was an offer of tne
amount of money named for the number of oia
stamps to the extent of a million. Since then
the item has appeared in various forms and
every now and then appears in some papers as
an item of news. ■ . ' ■ -'
Pensions— A. J., Oakland, Cal. The follow
ing is the text of the act Increasing certain
pensions: 7 T r y
From and after the passage of this act all pen
sioners now on the rolls who are pensioners at less
than $6 per month for any degree of pensionable
disability shall have their pensions increased to "*>«
per month ; and hereafter whenever any ap
plicant for pension who now would be entitled to
less than SB for any disability or several combined
disabilities such applicant shall be rated a: not less
than tO per month; provided also that the provis
ions hereof shall not be held to cover any pension
able period prior to the pas-age of this act, nor
authorize a renting of any oalms tor any part of
such period, nor prevent the allowance of lower
rates than $6 per month accordina to the existing
practice in the Pension Office on pending cases
covering any pension period prior to the passage of
this act. .
Courts op Equity— R. D., Haywards. Cal.
There are two kinds of lawsuits— actions at law
and suits in equity. An action at law is a suit
commenced to recover a sum of money or the
possession of specific property. It is always
tried before a jury, unless the jury is waived.
A suit in equity is one brought to prevent aa
injury or to secure more perfect justice than a
money judgment would give. A suit to obtain
an injunction is an example of the first class
named and a suit to compel a party to make a
deed of land is an example of the second class.
A suit in equity is always tried without a jury,
although the court may, In its discretion, sub
mit some of the questions of fact to the decision
of a jury. On account of the distinction there
are two kinds of courts— courts of law and
courts of equity. The United States courts are
both courts of law and of equity, the separa
tion being preserved by the differeuce in the
forms of procedure. On the equity side they
follow the ancient forms of chancery, but on
the law side they follow the forms and pro
ceedings of the law courts of the State within
which they sit. The Superior courts of Cali
fornia are courts of equity as well as of law.
Stone Age— G. S., City. The name of tho
age of stone is given to the period when
weapons and implements were made of stone,
amber, wood, bone, horn or some easily
wrought material and during which very little
or nothing was known of metals. During this
era the people, few In number and savage in
their habits, clothed themselves chiefly with
skins of animals.' They buried their dead in
large sepulchral chambers, covered by whet
has been called cromlechs or girdled round by
the unhewn stone pillars called the druidical
circles. The bodies have most frequently been
found unburied, often with rude urns beside
them. The stone age has been divided into
two. the paleolithic and the neolithic. Tha
word age, in this sense, is improperly used (by
an unfortunate transfer from the Scandina
vian archaeology)] since it has no reference to
chronology, but simply denotes the stage at
which a people has arrived in its progress to
ward civilization. There are tribes yet in their
stone age. Neither do the more primitive im
plements necessarily disappear wholly on the
appearance of those of a more advanced age.
The phrase ston 2 age or stage, therefore, merely
marks the most primitive period. The present
age is the age of progress.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'?.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Landlord (to his wife)— Say, Jane, I don't be
lieve that the student who rents a room here
is a student at all?
Wife— not?
Landlord— studies too much.— Fligende
Blaettcr. " ' '*•'-
Hood's Sarsaparilla cures catarrh by purifying
the blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla cures rheumatism
by purifying the blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
benefited others and can benefit you. ':
" Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers for their children while Teething with perleoS
success. It soothes the child, softens the gams, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the. Bowe'i
and i 3 the best remedy for Diurrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale by
Druggists in every part of the world, lie, sura an!
ask lor Mrs. Winslow'a Soothins • Syrjp. -i- -*
bottle. \ . 7 "AyAy/p/ 7y*,7: '.■
• Cob ova no.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, and is . entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' hoard at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 perday. Apply
_ Sew Montgomery st., San Fra-ic'sco.
♦_ m— .
Dispel your headache, weakness, pain and sleep
lessness with -"ark-sb's Glngkb Tonic.
I'arkeh's Hair Balsam is life to the hair.
' First Gendarme— There goes the murderer of
the man who was found dead on the bridge
last night.
Second Gendarme— so; but what can
we do? He's not on our beat.— Journal Amu
sant.
___^___jra:ve to-pat.
ATRIiE^TORL
THE MADDEST WOMAN
You ever heard of was one who got
hurt on a railroad. She lived on
Hyde street.
There was a certainty for her of
■, .>.--'" pain, a good rest and •
810 DAMAGES.
A friend gave her something: for
■ ' ' it, which he' assured her was good,
so she used it, and then commenced
making a list of all the things she
would buy with the damages. That
, was some comfort.
Next day railroad people called
and fou»d her so nearly well they
could not give her a cent. Scene
closed with a profusion of
Feminine Swear Words.
There's a sharp point in these for
RAILROAD MANAGERS,
BICYCLERS and
EVERYBODY.
. Her level-headed friend had given
■ her bottle of
Mitchell's Magic Lotion,
Which is so harmless and pleasant
to use, an i never fails to do good
If Yon Ache or Get Hurt.
Sold by druggists at 25c, 50c and
$.I*o0 •' • , •'■"-'-:'- - '■ ■
iiPI^SPjECIALj
I h Wednesday, Jan. 29th. To-day only. '
I Old ladies' "Repose"
I I Shoes, 2-4- to 5, lace, wide,
L! ■ easy, $1.75 • grade; To
h close lot to-day at 75 cts.
|//j Smiths" Specials save you money
\W£ every day this week. '
I.^ Smiths Cash Store, ;
«*4 . . 414, 41 6, 41 8 Front St, S. F.*W» -„„ OMI
7
WEDNESDAY -JANUARY .9. 1896
AMUSEMENTS. -.; :;■ 7, >-
California Theater- "In Old Kentucky."
Pai.dwin Theater. -Ciraud Opera Season-
Monday, February 3, ••Aida."'
Columbia Theater— "Men and Women."
Morosco's Opera-House— "The Editor."
Tivoli Opera-Housk,— "lxionior, The Man of
•the \\ heel."
Orf-heum. — nigh-Class Vaudeville.
I'rovfr's alcazar..— 'A Canting Scoundrel."
Golden Gate Hall— Symphony and Popular
Concerts. Friday, January SI, at 3:15 p. xt.
Golden- Gate .—Lecture by Mr. J. J.
Morse of London, on Friday evening, January 31,
at 8 o clock.
Shoot the CuiTi.s-Dally at Haight street,
One block east of the Park.
Hay District Track.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By M. Mar. To-morrow (Thursday), The
Sunset Manufacturing Co., at I*o7 Sacramento si
a: 10:30 o'clock. - :r .-. -;.•...
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The German General Benevolent Society
elected officers last night.
The Mersfelder benefit at Golden Gate Hall
was a brilliant social event.
Mayor Sutro says that C. P. Huntington's
statements regarding him are false.
'•Generally fair" is predicted for to-day's
weather by Forecast Official A. McAdie.
Some valuable specimens of minerals were
stolen last Saturday from the Academy of
Sciences.
The Native Sons are making preparations
lor the dedication of their new hall, Sunday.
February 9. —-: - .
Captain Philip Jr. of the British ship Strath
don and his officers aro tho youngest crew at
present in port.
Edward Selfridge has been appointed trus
tee of the estate of Frederick O. Gibbs. with
bonds fixed at $75,000.
P. 1. Pundon has filed another suit against
the Pacific Bank. This is more comprehensive
than his previous action.
The defense in the Healy investigation
opened yesterday in room S3 of the United
State. Appraisers' building.
The custom tailors of this City are forming
a union for the purpose of securing better
wages than they are getting.
The officers and trustees of the First Congre
gational Church adopted resolutions expres
sive of confidence in Dr. Brown.
The winners at the Bay District yesterday
were Oregon Eclipse, Billy McCloskey, Midlo,
Moderoclo, Pollock and Monitor.
The Board of Education is investigating the
Crumbling sustaining wall at the North Cos
mopolitan School and will have it rebuilt.
Mack & Co., wholesale druggists, are bring
ing damage suits against various persons and
firms for alleged imitation of Peruvian bitters.
Frank Stocking was arrested yesterday on
the complaint of Judge Conlan for perjury in
swearing that he owned property described in
a bond.
Postmaster McCoppin wants the Harbor
Commissioners to build a large and commodi
ous office for Station 1) at the foot of Market
■treet at once.
Commissioner Pattison of the Congressional
committee to investigate the affairs of the Pa
cific and aided roads suggests that their cnar
ters be forfeited.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion proposes to erect a big pavilion of its own
and hold a home-industry exposition in this
City this spring.
T. L. Adlington, an aged bartender, swal
lowed a dose of morphine in his room, 110
Ninth street, yesterday morning, as he could
not obtain work.
John A. Percy, as guardian of the absent
minor heirs to the Fair estate, has petitioned
the Superior Court to allow him to se;ll the leg
acies of his wards.
George Bounds, a sailor on the British ship
Lochee, fell Into the hold last night and broke
his left leg, which was attended to at the
Receiving Hospital.
Boxing Instructor Walter Watson gives an
interesting talk on the disadvantages of the
amateur union rules governing the sport of
Which he is a master.
President Col non of the Harbor Commission
will go to Sacramento to-morrow to hurry up
the Board of Examiners to decide something
in regard to the ferry depot.
The steam-schooner Scotia on her wav here
from Portland ran out of coal during the re
cent gales and had to burn up her deckload of
lumber in order to reach port.
But rive months remain in which to com
plete the Home for Dipsomaniacs, and if the
institution is not built in that time its appro
priation ii £35,000 will lapse.
Jasper Madison, the colored jockey who
■lashed Bartender Hugh Murphy in the neck
in the Richmond saloon Sunday night, was ar
rested yesterday at the racetrack.
P. C. Van liuskirk, an old naval officer at
Mare Island, was arrested yesterday on a
charge of criminal assault, but was immedi
ately released on his own recognizance.
Isidore Leszinsky's petition for a writ of
■mandate compelling the Board of Education
to put him back in the place from which he
had been dismissed, has been denied by Judge
Seaweil.
W. S. Alexander and P. Keyes are suing
Melville Hermann for ***2'_oo rent due on the
Keyes building on Stockton street. The build
ing is leased by Hermann for three years for
5-11,700.
William Kelleher, a young grocery clerk, and
Mrs. Mary Van Zandt eloped from Oakland on
Monday and were arrested in this City early
yesterday morning on the charge of felony
embezzlement.
Louis Lepard, property-man at the Midway
Plaisance, was yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Low on the charge
of grand larceny for stealing the wardrobe of
the Drurnmond sisters.
A. J. Smith, a special employe of the Treas
ury Department, who was arrested Friday for
cashing a small treasury draft which had'been
intended for another A. J. Smith, was com
pletely exonerated yesterday.
Jockey Mike Hennessy, who was recently
barred off the Bay District track for unfair rid
ing, was thrashed Monday afternoon by Thomas
H. Williams Jr., president of the California
Jockey Club, whom he had annoyed.
Inquiry at the Treasurer's oilice shows that
Eince the suspension of Harry Morris, the ac
cused county Clerk's deputy, the fees from the
particular class of cases which he was ac
cused of tampering with have materially in
creased.
Dr. Weil, head surgeon at the Receiving
Hospital, in an interview yesterday took excep
tion to the statement made in a report to the
Woman's Federation at a, meeting on Monday
night by a committee appointed to visit the
hospital.
Lbenezer F. Dun tar, the veteran soldier from
Yountville who was robbed of $20 on Grant
avenue by Ethel Brandon last Wednesday
afforded considerable entertainment in Judge
Campbell's court yesteraay afternoon while
giving his evidence.
TheTinn _cc Kong Sow Benevolent Associa
tion of the Low Quong Chung Chew opened its
clubhouse yesterday afternoon with an elabo
fate reception. The stars and stripes and the
ellow dragon flag floated side by side on the
same flagpole over the building.
Dora H. Young has filed a complaint for con
version of property against Susie Hooper.
The complainant is special administratrix of
the estate of Frederick K. Lipplen, and she ac
cuses the defendant of converting to her own
hse property left in her hands by the deceased.
NEW TO-DAT.
ECZEMA
Most Distressing of Skin Diseases
Instantly Relieved by
Qticura
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS
A warm bath with Cuticura
Soap, and a single application of
Cuticura (ointment) , the great Skin
Cure, followed by mild doses of
Cuticura Resolvent (blood puri-
fier), will afford instant relief, per-
mit rest and sleep, and point to a
speedy, permanent, and economi-
cal cure when all other methods fail.
Sold throughout the world. Brlttah depot: T. New-
Si_T _ Sons. ], Kins; Edward-tt, London. Pott*»
Vsvo _»D C--M. Conr., Sole I'ropt., Button, U. 8. -» -
A FAMILY OF SAILORS.
Father and Son Are Both on the
Aberdeen Clipper Line
of Ships.
COMMAND TWO OF THE FASTEST
Captain Philip of the Strathdon Is a
Young Man and He Has
Young Officers.
The British bark Strathdon, now in
port, is remarkable in one respect. She is
officered by the youngest men that have
ever come to San Francisco in command of
a ship. The officers are: Captain William
Philip Jr., Chief Officer Thomson, Second
Officer Taylor, Third Officer Sangster and
Fourth Officer Plater. Every one of them
has been brought up in the service of the
Aberdeen clipper line, to which the Strath
don belongs, and every one of them is a
thorough seaman.
Captain Philip is on his first visit to San
Francisco, but his father, who is now mas
ter of the Pericles, is one of the best known
skippers that come to this port. Captain
Philip Sr. is 63 years of age, and during
fifty years he has been a sailor. His years
weigh very lightly on him, and old-timers
assert that the son will make as good a
navigator as his father.
Captain Philip Jr. is progressive. Every
thing new that is known to navigators can
be found aboard the Strathdon, and all the
The British Bark Strathdon, Which Has the Youngest Set ot Officers in Port, and Her Commander.
[Sketched by a "CaM, " artist.]
master's spare moments are spent in study
ing them. His great fad is steering by the
stars, and he has a set of movable charts
which show ail the prominent stars and
constellations on any given date in the
year. During clear weather the Strathdon
is always navigated by the stars, and when
an observation is taken by the sun the
course is always found to be the true one.
By knowing the stais so well, Captain
Philip says he can always find his way
from one end of the earth to the other
without the use of compass or sextant.
Captain Phillip Sr. ran away from home
when he was 13 years old and went to sea.
His son followed his example, but made
an earlier beginning. He was only 9 years
old when he applied for a position on the
Aberdeen line of clippers and secured it.
From that time he has stuck to his profes
sion and worked his way up. He was
master of the famous old clipper Salamis
nine years ago, and in the races among
the wool-ships from Australia and New
Zealand he always managed to land his
ship a winner. Last voyage, after a par
ticularly exciting race, lie was informed
that he had to go out to Sydney, N. S. W.,
to take command of the Strathdon. Cap
tain Custard, who was to have taken- the
vessel, was killed on the steamer before
she sailed from Southampton and some
one had to go out in his place. After fin
ishing a three months' voyage Captain
Philip felt a little sore at being ordered
away at once, but he accepted the inevit
able and took command of the Strathdon
a month later.
"The races from Australia to England
are like the old days when the tea clippers
carried every stitch of canvas to make a
good voyage from China to London," said
Captain Philip yesterday. "Just about
this time the wool i. all packed, and
everybody is in a hurry to get his crop to
the English market. Fast ships are in
demand, and the old Salamis, sister to the
well-known San Francisco trader Ther
mopylae, was always] the first to be char
tered. About two years ago thirteen of us
all sailed about the same time. Some
went from Sydney, some from Adelaide,
some from Newcastle, and among others
the Salamis sailed from Geelong, near Mel
bourne. We got home first, of course, but
I nad no time in which to enjoy my vic
tory, as I was sent out again' to take the
Strathdon as quickly ; < as a steamer could
carry me. Captain Wills had got married
and decided to turn landsman, so that
caused the change."
The Strathdon is not a fast ship, but, as
Captain Philip puts it, she is "a Noah's
ark for safety." No matter how the winds
blow "she stands up like .a church," and
cv en during the gales that prevail around
the Horn her decks are never wet. Once
during his career Captain Philip lost a
man overboard who was drowned, owing
to the men in the boat being unable to
find him. Since then he has established a
code of signals which tells the life-saving
crew exactly what to do. During the day
the signals are by means of flags and at
night by flashlight. : .7*
The Strathdon is almost a new ship, and
this is her third voyage to San Francisco.
She will load wheat and some general
cargo for Liverpool, and will sail in about
two weeks.
ALONG THE FRONT.
Death of Captain McQlaughliiii Formerly
. _ Master of the Greyfeather.
Captain D. McGlaughlin, the well-known
shipping master and rancher, died at
Grand Manan. N. 8., yesterday. He left
his farm in Fresno County some months
ago to visit his relatives, but was never
able to get back home. His health gave
way, and the end came rapidly. Captain
McGlaughlin was well known here as the
master of. the Glory of the Seas, Herald
of the Morning, Western Empire, Swallow
and the well-known clipper Aetos.
When he came here in '51 on the Grey
feather the first person* he saw on the
wharf was his old schoolmate, C." L. Tay
lor, now Supervisor from the Eighth
Ward. As soon as the vessel touched the
wharf he jumped ashore, and the two
hugged each other so enthusiastically that
they missed their footing and fell over
board. Both were hauled ashore amid the
laughter of the crowd.
The steamer Coptic sailed for Hongkong
via Honolulu and Yokohama yesterday
with the following passenger list:
For Honolulu — Miss Louise Stubbs, Miss
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
Blanche Tisdale; for Yokohama— Irene P.
Mann, Key. W. B. Nance? J: Proctor, Rev. U*. H.
Wells, 11. C. yon Glahn, S. S. " Smith;
Mrs. S. B. Smith, B. Guggenheim, Mrs.
J. Guggenheim,* Miss R. Guggenheim;
for Shanghai— .l. A. Parsons, 11. R. Bost
wick; for Hongkong— Miss Russell, A. J. Crane,
11. A. Stromeyer, P. F. Prentiss, Daniel Baugh,
Mrs. Baugh, Miss E. B. Sale, Miss M. M. Dundy,
Mrs. E. S. Dundy Sr., Mrs. "X. S. Dundy Jr.. Mrs.
C. V. Lloyd. Miss Ethel I.lovd, Miss Dorothy
Lloyd, Charles Lloyd, Miss Margery Lloyd.
Among the passengers were J. A. Par
sons and H. R. Bostwick, who are going
to Shanghai to open a mercantile house.
The wharf was crowded with their friends
and many floral pieces were sent to them.
A beautiful representation of a heart,
cross and anchor had "Think sometimes
of Helen" painted on a piece of silk ribbon
attached to it. The Coptic went out in
command of Captain Sealbv, who has
been in the employ of the "White Star
Company since July, 1879, and on the Cop
tic since 1890. Captain Lindsay, who
brought the Coptic here, has been "ordered
back home, and it is said that he will take
command of the Majestic on her next trip.
The steamer San Bias sailed for Panama
and way ports yesterday with very few
passengers, but a very big cargo. She will
: stop at all the way ports and will probably
! make a lons run.
William Tully raised a disturbance on
j Brannan street, near the Mail dock, yes-
I terday and got into trouble with Captain
; Frank Anderson in consequence. He was
j liaif-drunk and began firing his revolver at
the Mail Company's offices and then at a
: dog that ran across the street. Anderson
walkeJ up behind him and, catching the
shooter unawares, gave him a good trounc
ing. Later in the day Tully and two com
panions, named J. Conway and J. Simp
; son, were arrested for stealing a demijohn
of whisky from a Second-street saloon.
The bar is still breaking and vessels will
j not go to sea. The Law Hill, Clan Macken
; zie, Nordlyset, Bohemia, Golden Shore
! and Aloha are all awaiting fair weather to
start on their voyages. If the weather
. prophet can be believed, they will probably
i get away sometime this afternoon.
Captain Hunter of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company has very much im
! proved in health, and he will be able to
i take the Umatilla out on her next trip.
Captain Green, who was temporarily in
command, will go out on the St. Paul.
MORE DAMAGED SHIPPING
A Schconer in Distress Sighted,
• but No Assistance Could
Be Given.
The Steamer Scotia Had to Burn Up
Her Deckload in Order to
Reach Port.
Every coastwise vessel that reaches port
these days has some tale of disaster to tell.
All were caught in the recent storms and
some suffered more than others. After a
long passage of seven and a half days from
Coos Bay Captain Walvig finally got the
steam schooner Sunol into port yesterday.
j He reports as follows :
"On Sunday, the 26th in9t., at 3:30 p. M.,
j when thirty miles southwest of Mendo
j cino, I saw a one-topmast schooner.lumber
laden, with a flag set for assistance of some
kind. She had a double reef in her fore
sail and all the rest of the sails were clewed
up. We could not go to her on account of
the storm. There were strong southeast
squalls coming every few minutes and
heavy seas, and we had to consider our
own safety."
Captain Walvig certainly had to con
sider the safety of his own vessel. Owing
to the length of the voyage from Coos Bay
the supply of coal bad run out and the
boilers were being fed from the deckload
jof lumber. Over 10,000 feet of good pine
j timber went in this way, and had it not
i been aboard the chances are the Sunol
would have been among the missing. The
steamer's decks were swept again and
again by the waves and she was carried
miles out to sea. Everything was securely
lashed, however, and outside of the delay
and the lumber burned up under the boil
ers no loss was sustained. The timbers on
the Sunol are for the Valley road.
The identity of the schooner in distress
spoken by the Sunol is a matter of con
jecture. Shipmasters are of the opinion,
| however, that being lumber-laden she will
' turn up all right in a few days. -
The steam schooner South Coast from
Eureka also had a hard time of it in Sun
day's gale and did not get in until late
yesterday. She was swept from stem to
stern and considerable damage was done,
but she will nevertheless be able to get
away to-day on her return trip to Portland
and wav ports.
The British ship Red Rock, which got
in from Swansea after an unusually long
passage of IGO days, was also in the storm.
Captain .Williams was caught about thirty
miles off the Farallones, and he says the
thunder and lightning and the fury of the
storm reminded him of a pampero off the
River Platte. The vessel was hove to for
thirty-six hours, and' the men had a
hard time of it in keeping the vessel under
I control. .
THE SAME OLD CHARGE.
P. C. Van Kirk, Naval Officer, Ar
rested for Criminal Assault. •
' P. C. Van Buskirk, an old naval officer
stationed at the Mare Island navy -yard,
was arrested yesterday morning on a war
rant charging him with criminal assault.
The complaining witness is Rebecca Pain
ter. -*'■
. The warrant was sworn out in Judge
Campbell's court, and the Judge at once
released Van Buskirk on his own recogni
zance. -
The Judge said that when he signed the
complaint he was not conversant with the
tacts. He had found from papers handed
to him that the complaining witness had
brought a civil suit against the defendant
in the Superior Cour at Vallejo for dam
ages for < betrayal under promise of mar
riage, which had been decided in his favor,
and she was now criminally prosecuting
him on practically the same charge.
The city of London puts upon the market
in one year over $10,000,000 worth of um
brellas alone.
FINE SPECIMENS STOLEN
They Were Taken From a Case
in the Academy of Sciences
Museum.
THE MINERALS VALUED AT $35.
A Reward Is Offered for the Arrest
and Conviction of the
Thief.
v ■*■; f ■ '.-.■... , •■..:■..'■■.■.•■■■.'..'..■.■■... . --y ■•':,. -■ ■■■'•'■
Some rare and valuable mineral speci-
mens have been stolen from the museum
of the California Academy of Sciences, and
J. Z. Davis, one of the officers, offer, a re
ward of $50 for the arrest and conviction
of the thief.
In the museum there are a number
of glass cases, in which are displayed
a great many specimens of the min
erals of this State, Nevada and the
Territories, and many from all parts of
the world. The cases rest on tables about
twelve feet long and two feet wide, and
they are secured to these tables by four
thumb-screws, which are out of sight of
visitors. There are two of these screws on
each side, one near each end, and in order
to raise the case the four screws must be
removed.
John I. Carlson, who for more than five
years has been the janitor of the Academy
of Sciences, was the one who discovered
the loss of the specimens.
"Every morning,'' said Carlson yester
day, "1 dust and wipe these cases, and
when doing so look into them to see that
they are all right. On Saturday morning
the case from which the specimens were
taken was like the others all right. On
Sunday the museum is closed, so there
was no one here; but yesterday morning I
discovered thai one case had been tam
pered with. All the screws had been re
moved, and one end of the case was raised
a few inches, as if the person who raised it
had not had time to return it to its proper
position.
"Saturday was rainy, and there were a
number of people who remained in here
quite a long time, and it is my opinion
that some one, tempted by the display of
gold which could be seen in the SDecimen
of rock, under pretext of reading' the in
scription on each, used one hand to re
move one screw, then moved to another
screw and remained there until he had
removed that, and so with the other two.
"It is probable that one man raised one
end of the case a few inches while another
inserted both hands through the opening
so created and abstracted the specimens
within reach. The pieces, taken were all
removed from one side of the case. Some
were taken from near the end, and the
others from a place nearer the other end.
"The stolen specimens, all gold but one,
were worth about $35, but I suppose the
roan who stole them thought they were
worth much more."
The specimens that were stolen were
four of gold and one of silver donated by
R. H. Stretch in 187G, one gold specimen
donated by E. 0. McDevitt, one gold speci
men donated by J. G. Levermore in 1884,
and one gold, contributor not named.
About two months ago two very fine
specimens were abstracted from a case in
a room occupied by Mr. Davis. The man
j ncr in which the theft was committed leads
I to the belief that it was the work of some
one who has familiarized himself with the
premises and habits of the men who are
employed there.
PERJURY IS CHARGED.
Frank Stocking Arrested for Swearing
"Falsely That He Owned Property
Described in a Bond.
Frank Stocking was arrested yesterday
morning on the charge of perjury, the
complaining witness being Police Judge
Conlan. Stocking is not unknown to the
police, having served a term for burglary.
Some months ago he gained considerable
notoriety by selling to Chinese merchants
in Chinatown for $3000 a mixture of mo
lasses and brown sugar, which he repre
sented as opium. :
The cause of his present trouble arises
from his desire to befriend i a woman
named Lillie "Watson, who was arrested on
December 23 for alleged grand larceny.
The woman's bonds were fixed at $2000 and
Stocking, accompanied by ex- Assent bly
man W. P. Boothby of 200 Stockton street,
went to Judge Conlan's residence and they
jointly became her bondsmen. Stocking
represented that he : was the owner of a
house and lot on Octavia street, near
Broadway, valued at $8000, and the Judge
unhesitatingly accepted the bond, and the
woman was released from custody. *
A few days ago Clerk Watson oh looking
over some papers came upon the bond of
Stocking and. Boothby. . Knowing that
Stocking was not the owner of any prop
erty he was surprised and called the atten
tion of the Judge, to the matter. The
Judge had the records in the Assessor's
office examined and it was ascertained that
the property on Octavia street was owned
by Stocking's father and that it was mort
gaged to nearly its full value. •
The Judge at once determined to punish
Stocking and the warrant for his arrest
was sworn out. 77/: T/Ta:
BIDS FOR A CREMATORY.
Capitalists Who Would "Like to Burn
the Kef use of San Fran
s Cisco.
Bids for the City garbage crematory,
which were advertised for by the Board of
Supervisors, have begun to come in and
will probably be acted upon at the first
meeting in February. L. V. Merle has
offered the City $5500 for the privilege and
agrees to spend $100,000 on the plant,
which is to have a capacity of 300 tons
per day.
A. M. Skelly offers $1105 and 1 per cent
of the gross receipts for the first fifteen
years, 2 per cent for the second fifteen
years, and 3 per cent for the remainder of
the fifty years called for by the franchise.
The highest bidder is F. E. Sharon, who
offer*} $2510 with 2 per cent of the gross
receipts for the first fifteen years and 5 per
cent for the remainder of the term.
Under the terms of the franchise the
successful bidder receives the exclusive
right for a period of fifty years to cremate
and destroy all house refuse, butchers'
offal, garbage, ashes, bones and animal
and vegetable matter; also, to dispose of
all dead animals when the present dead
animal contract expires, and all food con
demned by the Board of Health. The con
tractor will have the right to charge a sum
not to exceed 20 cents a load for all gar
bage delivered at the crematory, such load
not to exceed a cubic yard. The crema
tory must be erected within twenty-four
months after the award of the franchise,
and when the franchise is in operation it
will be unlawful to take garbage through
the streets except in closed vehicles con
structed so as to conceal the contents and
to effectually prevent any smell from es
caping. .
DIAMOND PALACE GOING
Time Drawing Near for the Clos
ing of This Beautiful
Store.
Colonel A. Andrews to Spend a Year
or Two Abroad for His
Health.
Gradually the stock of the Diamond
Palace on Monteomery street, opposite the
Mills building, is fading through the daily
auctions, and the time is drawing near
when this place of interest will be closed.
The daily attendance at these sales shows
how well and favorably the place is known
to the public, and many are the expres
sions of regret that may be heard from the
patrons of the daily sales because the
beautiful store is soon to vanish.
The Diamond Palace was opened in 1872
by Colonel A. Andrews on so much grander
a scale than any other jewelry establish
ment on the coast that it immediately
took rank as one of the principal attrac
tions of the City. Every one beard of the
place and every one went to visit it.
Diamonds and precious stones are not
alone in the cases, but the walls are in
crusted in them. The design is oriental.
All representations of precious stones in
the beautiful oil paintings on the ceiling
are actually supplied with real gems. The
effect is dazzling and the large and costly
selection of precious stones still remaining
is something really wonderful. Mirrors
on every hand reflect the brilliancy of the.
establishment, and some choice and rare
works of art are appropriately mounted.
One can scarcely believe that a place rep
resenting so much wealth and beauty would
be actually closed out by an auction sale,
because the sacrifice on the goods must be
something fearful. The timo is so inop
portune, just after the holidays, for the
sale of jewels and precious stones. But
when the Colonel had once determined
on taking a much-needed and long-deferred
rest a few hours were sufficient to arrange
the auction sale. Seldom if ever were such
crowds witnessed at any sale in this City,
and certainly never such a turnout of
swelldom. . _ _ _...-.
After closing up his business affairs it is
the intention of Colonel Andrews to spend
a year or two abroad, but he wishes it dis
tinctly understood that he expects to re
turn to San Francisco to make it his per
manent home.
NATIVE SONS ARE BUSY
They Are Making Preparations
for Two Great Events
in February.
Programme on the Occasion of Dedi-
eating the New Hall on
Mason Street.
The board of directors of the Native
Sons of the Golden West Hall Association
met last evening for the purpose of ad
vancing arram-emcnts for the dedication
of the new hall on Sunday, the 9th of Feb
ruary, and the inaugural ball to be given
on the Tuesday following.
It was decided the decoration of the
building for both events should be en
trusted to Pratt of Pacific Parlor.
The choral society of fifty voices will be
under the direction of Mrs. E. W. French.
E. P. E. Troy will have charge of the
tickets for the ball, and the price of ad
mission has been fixed as follows: Admit
ting a gentleman and lady, $2 50; for each
additional lady, $1.
It was decided to reserve 200 seats for
the guests invited to the dedication.
The officers of the hall association are J.
D. Pheian, president; L. F. Byington,
vice president, and Adolph Eberhardt,
secretary. 7;'
The committee on dedication and ball is
composed of G. H. S. Drvden, chairman ;
E. P. E. Troy,' secretary ; " H. G. W. Dink
elspiel, F.WVMarston and L. Nonneman.
Charles Cassasa will had the orchestra
for both events and fo*r the dedication the
following" will be some of the numbers:
Overture, "American March," dedicated by
Cassasa to the Native Sons; medley, plan
tation melodies; waltz, "Jolly Fellows";
selections from the "Beggar Student."
Some slight alterations will be made in
the ladies' parlor adjoining the main hall,
which is a little larger than Odd Fellows'
Hall, has a larger stage and the finest
maple floor in the State.
The ceremony of dedication will be as
follows: Singing of the opening ode;
prayer by the past grand president; the
lights of the order will then be lighted and
placed on the altars of the past president,
president; vice-president and marshal, and
the hall will in due form be dedicated and
the acceptance will be by the grand presi
dent. ; This will be followed by prayer, the
singing of "Hail Columbia," a charge by
the grand vice-president, the singing : of
"The Star-spangled Banner" by Miss Min
nie Kind, address ;by the grand marshal
and singing of the initiation ode.
The charge of the past grand president
will then be • delivered, after which
''America" will be sung. This will be fol
lowed by an address on the history of the
State by, the grand, president, the singing
of "Columbia,, the Gem of the Ocean," a
short address by ■*. the '■■■ grand president,
the singing of "Home, Sweet Home," and
prayer.
WAS LEGALLY DISMISSED
Isidore Leszinsky's Writ of
Mandate Has Been ,
■"• Denied.
HAD A SPECIAL CERTIFICATE.
Judge Seawell's Ruling on a Point of
. Much Interest to Public School
Trustees.
Judge Seaweil has declared that Isidore
Leszinsky was legally removed from his
position as principal of the Commercial
Evening School by the last Board of Edu
cation.
Leszinsky was removed on October 25,
1893. It was claimed by the board that on
August 30 the Commercial Evening School
was abolished, and Leszinsky went with
it. Leszinsky brought suit "for a writ of
mandamus to compel the board to rein
state him, and this writ has just been de
nied. He alleged that in addition to being
principal of the school he held a special
certificate enabling him to teach book
keeping, but that when the Business
Evening School was organized and nearly
all the teachers from the former Commer
cial Evening were elected to positions in
the new school Leszinsky was not among
them. He claims he could not be dis
missed except for cause, and after a hear
ing, and that the board could not do in
directly what was not allowed to be done
directly, and that the old school was
abolished for the express purpose of get
ting rid of him.
in the opinion Judge Seaweil holds that
there is no provision of the Political Code
which declares that the holder of a special
certificate shall not be dismissed except
for cause. In the absence of a contract
fixing the term of his employment he
holds the position to which he may have
been elected during the pleasure of the
board.
Section 1791 of the code provides, the
court says, for three grades of City certifi
cates and for special certificates upon such
studies as may be authorized by the Board
of Education, and section 1793 declares
that the holders of City certificates shall
be dismissed only for certain causes. A
special certificate, the court declares, is
not a City certificate and is not mentioned
in the law as a special City certificate,
except in one section, which does not refer
to tbe granting of them. The board is
prohibited from dismissing the holders of
City certificates, and no others. Leszinsky
was not the holder of a City certificate
and the court saw. no reason why he could
not be dismissed at pleasure.
The case of Kate Kennedy against the
Board of Education was cited, but Judge
Seaweil said it had no bearing on Les
zinsky's case because in that proceeding
there was no question as to the rights of
the holder of a special certificate.
Commenting further the court says:
It appears from the evidence that among
the teachers of the Commercial Evening School
was a lecturer on commercial law. The rules
of the Board of Education provide for special
certificates in music, sewing, physical culture
and cooking. It is possible that the board
may provide an instructor in the art of riding
upon a bicycle. Are the teachers of all these
specialties when once elected to hold their
positions for life?
That the defendants had the power to abol
ish the Commercial Evening School is not
questioned. It is claimed, however, that it
was abolished merely for the purpose of de
priving plaintiff of his position. While under
my construction of the statute the question as
to defendants' motives is immaterial, inas
much as evidence was introduced upon it
it is proper that I should state the conclusion
to which I have arrived.
I have grave doubts as to the power of the
court to inquire into the secret motives which
influenced the members of the board in a
matter within their jurisdiction, If the Busi
ness Evening School had not been subse
quently organized there would have been no
plausible ground upon which plaintitf could
ask restoration. The new school was formed
nearly two months after the old one was abol
ished. Several members of the board testified
that they voted for the resolution in the belief
that the results accomplished by the Commer
cial Evening School were not such as to justify
the expense of maintaining it and that their act
was prompted solely by a regard for the public
welfare. Whether they were mistaken or not
Is a question which I have no jurisdiction to
determine. There may be a question as to the
validity of plaintiff's election before he was
granted a certificate, but as no objection has
been made on that ground I assumed that his
election was valid.
AIDED SICK AND POOR.
Report of th© Year's Work of the Ger
man General Benevolent
Society.
The German General Benevolent Society
held its annual meeting last evening in
Druids' Hall when E. C. Priber, the retir
ing president, presented his annual report
in which he briefly reviewed the progress
of the society during the year, and declared
tbat the society's affairs are in a satisfac
tory condition.
He paid a hiph tribute to the memory of
the late Isaac Hecht, ex-president, the late
Henry Schroeder director, and the late E.
Roemer, general agent, and spoke in glow
ing terms of the generosity of Isaac Hecht
and Charles Mayne, who left legacies to
the society. 7/77/
The financial report showed that there
is cash in the hands of the treasurer and
the savings banks $5329 84.
The relief committee reported an ex
penditure of $10,134 04 in relieving the
needs of the poor. .
The expenses for improvements and
NEW TO-DAT.
-:-*•*: 1 THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
I DRUGGISTS!
/P A
1128 _VX_-.x-___.et Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
320 IS. Spline Street,
LOS ANGELES.
Free
Delivery.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Will deli Drugs, Medi-
cines and Toilet Articles
FREE OF FREIGHT OR
EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point with-
in 100 miles of San Fran-
cisco when purchases
amount to $5 or over,
PROVIDED orders are
accompanied with the
money.
I SEND FOR PRICE LIST
maintenance of the German Hospital
during the year amounted to $66,223 26.
The society now has 3008 members, of
which 8 are honorary, 228 life members,
2575 contributing members residing in
this City, 177 contributing members resid
ing out of the City and 20 affiliated mem
bers.
The annual report presents an alpha
betic list of members and a classified list
of the 1254 cases treated in the hospital.
E. C. Briber, president; Julius Hans
meister, second vice-president; Adolph
Schwerin, A. Asman and A. H. Schmidt,
directors, were the officers last year.
The following named were elected for
the ensuingyear: President, B. Broemmel;
first vice-president, Carl I'hlig; second
vice-president, Charles E. Hansen ; finan
cial secretary, C. Goecker; recording sec
retary, William Herrmann; treasurer,
Jr. C. Siebe; directors— Richard Finking,
Charles Hess Jr., Ed A Keil, William C.
Lutz, Hugo Waldeck and Louis Zeiss.
Stole Liquor and Cigars.
The store of Harry Edwards, 643 Mission
street, was entered by burglars early Sunday
morning and about i**3o worth of whisky, wine,
cigars and cigarettes stolen. Yesterday Po
licemen Ryan, Moriarity and Tvrrell arrested
"A. P. Cassidy and George Kowe and booked
them at the City Prison for the burglary.
Can-Can Murphy Arrested.
James L. Schwartz, alias "Can-Can Murphy,"
who stabbed John Yockei in the left groin dur
ing a dispute in Brenham place last Thursday
afternoon, was arrested by Policeman McGee
yesterday at Mayfield. lie was taken to the
City Prison last night and booked on the
charge ol assault to murder.
Blaze in a Cyclery.
An alarm was turned in through box 513 at
9 o'clock last evening for a small blaze In the
rear of a cyclery at the corner of Kentucky and
Solano streets. The damage will amount to
about $50.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
■■fir ALCAZAR
"Wednesday Pop" Matinee To-day 2 P. I.
Ice Cream and Cake for All.
Theater Crowded With the Fashion of San Fran-
a cesco— Delighted— Smiles and Tears Mingled.
"A CATO'G SCOUiWtEL"
Easily the Rest Comedy To-day on the
American Stage.
Matinee Prices— ioe, 15c. 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c.
The Golden Shower Cheerfully
Bestowed Upon
tIKE IN I ">*M_. NOW
THE /N. n OR
»AYS OLD J REGRET IT!
' 49! KENTUCKY!
The Thrilling Horse "ace! •
The Li-rely Pickaninnies!
' Next Monday— COBINNE.
BALDWIN THEATER
A_ Havhas & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
SEATS NOW SELLING
For the Famous MARIE
Tava'rj Grand Opera Co. _ Season,
Commencing Next MONDAY NIGHT, Feb. 3.
cte_^@i^i..
rRICOLWIDtH-jOTTLOD •*• <•**• _*.»_•■ mo run* 6UJ • • •
JUST I
£*?en 1000!
EVEN*
WIS RE vn bee to SEE
"MEN AND WOMEN"
East Night by the
FRAWLEY COMPANYI
So Great Was the Crowd— Don't Wait.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mb-. -.k*s-_-ti._* is Kb__ino .Proprietor _: Al___^<»;
LAST -NTIC^-EXI-S
Of the Brilliant Success,
"i3_:ic>_vr ♦"
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, FEB. 3,
A New American Opera,
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE!"
Book by Estelle Clayton and Nym Crinkle.
Music by E. I. Darling.
INDIAN, MEXICAN, COWBOY SCENES.
The '49 Mining Camp Fandango.
Popular Prices— 2sc and SQo.
■ ■ _ _
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT, V :
First Production ln This House of Vincent and
Aldrlch's Sparkling Comedy Drama.
"THE EDITOR!"
" If This Weather Makes You Blue
Come and See "The Editor."
XVJUiJLKa Prickj— Cso and .*>_o.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual* Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
— — — —
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton and Po wall.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
A BRILLIANT AUGMENTED BILL!
MONS. DE BESSELL,
HEELEY AND MARBA,
RACHEL WALKER
A "ST)
A PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE CO.
Reserved seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera caalri
and Box seats. 50a
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
Symphony and Popular Concerts by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.
FRIDAY AFTERNOONS AT 3:15.
Soloists— B. Mollenhauer, S. Homer Henley.
FIRST CONCERT FRIDAY, JAN. 31.
Course Tickets on sale at 308 Post street.
CHUTE SHOOTING : T&'
AND TROLLEY TRIPPING
It Pleasant, Afternoon and Evening.
ADMISSION* — IO CENTS
Children (including Merry-Go- Kide), 10c.
CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY
■LECTURE by MR. J. J. MORSE of London on
"Some Fundamental Principles of Psychic
Science." Golden Gate Hall, 626 cutter st., FRI-
DAY. January __, at 8 o'clock p. it. Tickets 25c,
at Sherman & Clay's and Doxey's Boo.store.
RACINGI RACINGI RACINGI
__$^
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING ■
Beginning: Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 p. M. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the Kate.
R. B. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. President
78
GEN. MORGAN ON
FATHER YORKE
Says the Priest's Attack Is
Cowardly, Slanderous
and False.
HIS MILITARY RECORD.
The Veteran Army Officer De
fends His Service and Loy
alty During the War.
CATHOLICS AND THE INDIANS.
They Drew Millions From the Public
Treasury for Their Missionary
Schools.
Replying to a letter from the Rev.
Father Yorke, reflecting on his army
record during the civil war and his admin
istration of the Indian Office at Washing
ton during Mr. Harrison's term as
President as well, General T. J. Morgan
writes to The Call as follows:
New York, January 23, 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call: I had
hoped that my brief personal note, which you
courteously published in your columns Decem
ber 17, would be regarded as satisfactory by
Father Yorke, but in this I was mistaken. In
your issue of December 18 you publish ft little
more than a column from him renewing and
intensifying his attack upon my personal
character; an attack which I regard as un
called for, ami which I may be pardoned lor
saying I think to be cowardly, slanderous and
false. A very prominent business man of San
Francisco, an army officer of high rank, who
kindly sent me your paper— which reached me
only a few days ago— accompanies it with the
following statement:
I read the inclosed very carefully and have
talked with quite a number of military men con
cerning your record, and am pleased to inform you
that they are universally favorable to you ami
against "Yorke and hi* method*, I know that ■*■__
will have nine-tenths of the old soldiers with you
on most any proposition against the Catholics and
their opposition to our grand public school system.
I am not a member of the __ P. A., but they have
my unbounded sympathy.
By your permission I wish to point out some
of the inaccuracies and misleading statements
made in Mr. Yorke's article. In the first place,
regarding the court-martial. When 1 took
charge of the organization of negro troops I
did it with a view of preparing those men for
good soldiers, and I thought it necessary that
their white officers should set them good ex
amples in camp and in battle, and, conse
quently, I maintained a pretty rigid discipline
over the officers. I discouraged drinking,
gambling and other vices, and insisted on
fidelity and courage. I felt called upon to have
one of the officers of the regiment court-mar
tialed for drunkenness and another for cow
ardice, and although the evidence did not
satisfy the court it was true nevertheless.
Concerning my own testimony in the case of
the officer charged with cowardice at the
battle of Nashville, I simply say now. after
thirty years, and with no malice toward the
officer and with regret that I am forced thus to
say it, every word of the testimony which I
gave at that time was true, absolutely and un
qualifiedly. I protest that I am not responsi
bio for dragging him once again before the !
public in this unenviable light. As a conse
quence of my severe discipline th* two officers
whom I had court-martialed joined with oth
ers and formed a conspiracy to get even with
me ana trumped up a technical charge, on
which they based their hopes of driving me
from the service. They charged me with
"false muster." All there was to this can be
stated in one or two sentences : When I went to
Galatin. Term.. in October, 1863. to organize a
regiment of negroes I found a large number
already in camp, and at once set about the
work of formin_ a regiment. I was occupied
myself with administration, drilling, doing
picket and post duty , foraging, etc. We were sur
rounded, at that time by guerrilla bands, re
quiring us to be constantly on the alert; the
work of classifying and enrolling the troops
was done by an expert and experienced
clerk, A. P. Dunlop, who was sent to me for
that purpose, When six companies had been
completed and I asked to have them formally
mustered, a question arose as to the exact date
of muster— question to be decided by the in
terpretation of army regulations and the rul
ing of.thegdjutant general's department rel
ative to muster. The matter was fully and
openly discussed and there were two opinions,
one that the company should muster early in
October and the other that the date should be
fixed possibly two weeks later. The matter
was left to the decision of an officer of the reg
ular army detailed to muster us ; his decision,
however, was not satisfactory to one of the cap
tains, who claimed that he was deprived by
it of his place as ranking captain, which he
claimed. The matter was regarded, however,
as settled until March, 1850, when the officers,
smarting under my discipline, united with
this dissatisfied captain In bringing me to trial,
charged with making a "false muster." The
court satisfied itself apparently on the testi
mony of an army officer that the date of muster
fixed by the mustering officer was incorrect,
and held that as I was the commanding officer
of the regiment I was responsible for it ; hence,
its verdict of "guilty." At most it. was a ques
tion of judgment and of interpretation of ob
scure rulings, and never involved a question
of my integrity.
Mr. Yorke says that my statement of General
Steed man's action in setting aside the ver
dict of the court, ''While not an assertion of
falsehood, suggests the thing that is not." In
reply I beg to quote here the entire order of
General Si^edman, which speaks for itself:
Headquarters Second Division,*)
Department C_MB_R_A!«n, }-
. Chattanooga, Term., May 10, 1865. J
The proceedings, findings and sentence of the
general <ourt-m_rtlal Id the foregoing case of
Colonel Thomas J. Morgan. Fourteenth U. 8.
Colored Infantry, are disapproved, for the follow
ing reasons, affecting the legality of the sentence:
The objections made by the accused to the ad
mission of the deposition of Captain Hough and
Private Martin was well laid, and the depositions
were improperly admitted. As the facts contained
therein wort' probably taken into consideration by
the court, their improper admission might, of it
self . form grounds for disapproval.
The sentence of the dismissal from the
service— is illegal. Colonel Morgan was found
guilty of a violation of the fifteenth article of war,
which In itself provides the only penalty for the
violation, vis.: cashiering, and the words of the
article must be strictly followed In the sentence.
The finding of guilty on the second charge—con
cuct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman—
not sustained by the testimony in the case.
Colonel Morgan Is found guilty of three of the
specifications to the second charge and of the
charge, but the record shows that the facts alleged
la the specifications, although to a considerable
extent true, are, so far as relates to Colonel Mor
gan, devoid of criminality, and that lie acted
throughout from the purest and most conscien
tious motives.
On the finding of guilty of the third charge—con
duct prejudicial to K oodo der and mllltarv discip
line-althougn made in accordance with the facts
alleged In the specification, and to the specific-.
tions of which the accused pleaded gait**, the court
would not be warrant d in passing the sentence of
dismissal, as the record shows t he acts complained
of to have been perpetrated with the best Inten
tions and for the Interest of the service.
Id consequence of such facts and circumsances
(the error of the court in sentencing the accused
so far as regards the first charge being fatal, and*
the second charge not sustained by the evidence)
the proceedings, findings and sentence of the court
»re disapproved.
Colonei Morgan will be relieved from arrest and
returned to duty. J_n_ B. Stk_dmax,
MjraMj Major-General Commanding.
During the progress of the trial the follow
ing paper was drawn up and signed dv eighty
seven field, staff and line officers of my brigade.
Tbe original paper is now before me:
Chattanooga, Term., May 10, 1865.
Colonel Thomas J. Morgan, Fourteenth United
States Colored Infantry, . having been arraigned
and tried by a general court-martial, and design
ing persons having taken advantage of the circum
stances to circulate false and malicious" reports
calculated to lilt ht his 'air and well-earned name,
ire, the undersigned officers, who know his worth,
desire only that Justice may be done.. Many of us
l:ave seen him In everyday life, in the officers'
school and in the ' church, on the march and
on i State. We have seen him in * battle,
when men nre weighed In the balance,
and where he never was found wanting. ■ Many
of us older than himself have looked to him a. a
mv le] man amid the many wrecks of our com
rades. His career as a soldier has b»en distin
guished for courage, energy and philanthropy. To
the persistent efforts . of Colonel Morgan more
than to any oilier man in this department is due
the name which the black soldier earned for him
self at Datten, Fnlnslcf, Decatur and Nashville,
(Such a man deserves well of his country. .Wnat
ever action the authorities may take, we each un
hesitatingly express our unshaken confidence in
the honesty, patriotism and unbending Christian
character of Colonel Thomas J. Morgan. ;:•>. •-
I Know that Major-General Steedman be
lieved me to be ent'relv innocent of any wrong
intention, and iT any doubt this I refer
them to his adjutant-general, Major S. B. Moe,
now living at Chattanooga, Term., who was
personally familiar with all the facts in the
case. General George H. Thomas, than whom
no nobler, purer soldier served in the army,
assured me during the progress of the trial
that he had unshaken confidence in my integ
rity, and he afterward recommended me, of
his own accord, for promotion, and on his
recommendation, chiefly, I was made brevet
brigadier-general "for gallant and meritorious
services during the war," being one of the very
youngest men on whom that honor was con
ferred. General Cruft, in forwarding a paper
to the War Department, August 17, 1805,
placed upon it the following indorsement:
'Tie is an intelligent and earnest soldier, a
scholar of liberal education and a high-toned,
conscientious and brave gentleman*"
1 give here the names of some of the officers
with whom I was associated, who are still liv
ing and who can be addressed by anybody who
wishes to make inquiry regarding any of the
facts here stated, or regarding my career as an
army officer: Lieutenant-Colonel J. R. Putnam,
who was a member of the court-martial that
tried me, Portland block, Chicago, 111.; Major
Henry Romeyn, Fifth United States Infantry,
Atlanta, Ga. ; Captain Clarence W. Baker,
Chattanooga, Term.; Rev. William Elgin, D.D.,
Akron. N. V. ; Captain F.J. Cressey, Los An
geles, Cal.; Rev. Elvero Persons, D.D., Dela
ware. Ohio. So much for that little episode,
which surely ought to be laid to rest.
Mr. Yorke says: "Permit me to remark that
soon after these courts-martial Rev. Mr. Mor
gan resigned precipitately from the army."
The animus of this statement of course is on
the face of it. How false it is in fact, and how
utterly ungenerous it Is in motive, will be
appreciated by your readers when I call
their attention to the fact that the courts
martial were in March and that I re
signed in August. I had left the senior class
in college in 1801, and served three months
as a private soldier, . until the expiration
of my term of enlistment; after teaching
a year I re-entered the army as first lieuten
ant, in August, 1802, and served a little more
than three years as lieutenant-major, lieu
tenant-colonel, colonel, • brigadier and divi
sion commander, until August, 1805,
when the war was over, and there
was no longer any necessity for my remain
ing* in the army. I resigned, not pre
cipitately but deliberately, ami within three
weeks afterward, after a hasty call at my
home, I was enrolled in the Theological Sem
inary at Rochester, N. V., having for one of
my classmates the former chaplain of my regi
ment, and remained there three years, com
pleting my studies in 1808. 1 then served the
seminary as financial secretary for three years.
Passing now from the question of my own
personal record in the army, let me notice one
or two things said by Mr. Yorke about my con
duct of the Indian Office. Evidently Mr.
Yorke writes with regard to a matter which he
knows nothing about, or else he deliberately
falsifies history. He says: "It was to carry out
a campaign against the contract school system
that Morgan, by church influence, was pitched
into the Indian Office." I had served in the
army as an officer in a regiment commanded
by Colonel Benjamin Harrison. After he be
came President, in May, 1889. he telegraphed
me to come to Washington, and re
quested me to take the office of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, saying that no one had sug
gested my name to him, but that from his
knowledge of me he believed I would be able
to administer the office so as to satisfy the
Christian and philanthropic sentiment oi the
country.
Mr. Yorke says "the advent of Morgan was
marked by a virulent attack on the Catholic
schools." This statement is absolutely and
unqualifiedly false. I made no attack upon
the Catholic schools. I expressed a disap
proval of the entire plan of taking public
money out of the United States Treasury and
appropriating it to Indian schools carried on
by any religious bodies for sectarian purposes.
At that time Methodists, Congregationalists,
Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Friends, Luther
ans, Menonites, Unitarians and Roman Cath
olics were receiving money from the public
treasury for their Indian schools. The Bap
tists were receiving nothing and declined to
receive anything on the ground that it was a
misuse of public money ana was in violation
of the principle of separation of church and
state, for which the Baptists have always stood.
As a result of the discussion growing out of my
action all the religious denominations except
the Menonnites have withdrawn entirely from
the contract school system; the present ad
ministration has adopted my views and is
carrying out my plan. Congress has ordered
the discontinuing of the contract system as !
soon as practicable. Within eleven years the'
Roman Catholic church has taken out of the
public treasury $3,430,000 for the prosecution
of its missions among the Indians. This I be
lieve to be a great public wrong, un-American
and contrary to the spirit if not the letter of
the constitution. If I had accomplished
nothing else in my administration of. the
Indian Office than to expose this great wrong
and set in motion forces which are leading to
its eradication. I should feel that my adminis
tration of that great and difficult office had
been eminently successful.
Mr. Yorke says "that neither Republican I
politics nor meritorious service in the war, j
nor any other consideration availed to keep a |
man in the employ of the Indian Commission i
when General Morgan discovered that he was I
a Catholic."
Let me say emphatically* that I dismissed no
one from the Indian service because he was a
Roman Catholic; that I did retain in the ser
vice as teachers and in other positions many
whom I knew to he Roman Catholics; further
than this, I appointed to Important positions
in the Indian service Roman Catholics and
offered places to others, which were not
accepted. While I was in the Indian Office mv
private and confidential secretary was a Roman
Catholic, several of the ' clerks in the
office were Roman Catholics during my
entire service, and the chief messenger,
ray personal attendant, was also a Roman
Catholic. I aid dismiss from the Indian
service for cause some Roman Catholics, and I
very much fear that if Mr. Yorke had been in
the Indian service when I was Commissioner I
should have been most reluctantly obliged to
dismiss him for falsehood, slander and cow
ardice if I had had before me such evidences
of his character as his present attacks upon me
indicate. I do not believe that any man's
religion or professions of religion ' should
be allowed to. shield him , from being
treated as his character and habits
demand. The great hue and cry raised
against me by the Roman Catholics
was due almost wholly to the fact that I in
sisted that persons in the Indian service
should be honest, faithful and capable. The
man who has made the most persistent attacks
upon me in the name of Catholicism and who
has written many columns of slanders and
falsehoods was a man whom I thrust out of
office because he was unworthy to be In it, and
who has sought his revenge by his malignant
persecution of me ever since. He it. was who
copied from the War Department the records
of the court-martial which Mr. Yorke is using,
and who has furuished to the Catholic press
most of the mud which it has used in its as
saults upon me.
In conclusion let me say that I regard the
conflict now raging on this continent between
Protestantism and Roman Catholicism, be
tween the civilization of the nineteenth cen
tury and the semi-civilization of the sixteenth,
between the liberty of our republican institu
tions and the despotism of the Roman Catholic
hierarchy, between our free public schools,
with all their broadening and . uplifting quali
ties, and the narrow, provincial, , belittling,
benumbing parochial schools, is a conflict in
which every lover of his race, every lover of
republican institutions, every lover of genuine
Christianity, ought to be found on the side of
the Flag and the Little Red Schoolhou&e. This
is the side of patriotism, ot philanthropy, of
progress, of Protestantism. Very respectfully,
T. J. Morgan.
New York, Jan. 23, 1896.
HE TOOK MORPHINE.
T. L. Adlington, an Aged Bartender
• Out of Work, Sought to
End His Life.
Thomas L. Adlington, a bartender,
65 years of age, swallowed a dose of mor
phine yesterday morning in his room, 110
Ninth street. The landlady found him
unconscious and immediately notified the
Receiving Hospital. The man was taken
to the hospital and attended by Drs. Weil
and Rinne.
Adlington had been out •of work for
several weeks and went to the Cliff House
on Monday to seek employment, but was
disappointed. In his room a letter was
found stamped and addressed to '.'P. C.
Poole, Rio, Vista, Cal.," but not sealed. It
is as follows: ;
Dear Friend: If anything should happen to
me I wish you would see [ Mr. Tom Sawyer, 935
Mission street, and ask him to intercede to
have me burled in the Old Friends' plot, and I
think if he would call on my friends, Edward
O. Burns, 197 Crocker building, also George
11. Hansell, teastore, 1900 Market street. John
Ross has been to me one of the best of friends,
and am sorry that I should give him so much
trouble; but I cannot live this way any longer,
and I hope he will forgive me. Please call at
the Bank Exchange, Washington and Mont
gomery streets, and 6ee Mr. Dunson and Mr.
Brown. 4 So good-by, and God bless everybody.
Yours truly, ■,:■■ T. L. Adlington. i
P. Friend Tom: Do what you can. I can
write no more. I think lam going crazy., A. -j
Adlineton last night at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
The most valuable clock in the world is
one which was made by Louis XIV, and
which is owned now by one of the Roths
childs, who bought it for $ 18,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
MR. POLK PROSTRATED
A Monterey Discovery Jars
; Upon His Artistic Young
Nature.
A SCENE IN SANCHEZ TAVERN.
Nearly $10,000 Worth of Paintings
Are, Obliterated by Liberal Doses
of Roof Paint.
Yesterday afternoon shortly after the
late train arrived from Monterey, a pale,
haggard young man was led out on the
rear platform of the end car and gently as
sisted to the pavement by two porters.
A few railroad employes who are ac
quainted with the traveling public recog
nized Willis Polk. He leaned heavily on
the arms of his attendants and was almost
SANCHEZ' SLCCESSOR REPAINTS THE INTERIOR OF THE TAVERN.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
carried to a coupe that appeared to be in
waiting for him.
The cabman slowly picked his way to
the residence of Mr. Polk, having previ-
ously received instructions to drive only
on streets paved with asphaltum. As the
carriage drove up to the front gate a stal
wart servant came out and the almost
prostrate Willis staggered into the house
and, with the assistance of his valet, sank
heavily on his couch.
"I wish to be alone," said he. "Admit
no one. Tell them all that I wili see only
my private secretary and Ned Greenway.
I fear that the worst has not yet come.
Avaunt."
Mr. Polk's valet made a low salaam and
backed out into a plan for the new ferry
depot that Mr. Polk had completed some
days before and left in tne hallway for the
inspection of visitors. No partciular
harm was done, as the puncture merely
looks like one of the architect's eccen
tricities.
The curtains were drawn and the help
were instructed to put on muffled slippers
for a few days. Hot bottles were prepared
and the entire house was put in order
sp ecially for the stricken Willi-*. '
At a late hour the news of Mr. Polk's
sudden affliction was carried along Mar
ket street, and a Call reporter went im
mediately to the gentleman's residence,
not without securing credentials, however,
from • Mr. Greenway before calling. Mr.
Polk immediately sent out word to bring
the visitor in, "and, upon entering, the
representative of this paper found the
architect propped up on pillows, carefully
reading a formula for the removal of fire
proof paint. Just what this particular
variety of literature was worth in a sick
room developed later.
Mr. Polk himself was too much ex
hausted and worn out to tell a well-con
nected story, but shortly after midnight
the following terrible revelation was ex
tracted from his conversation.
It seems that Willis left San Francisco
some two weeks ago to visit his old friend
and brother artist, Charles Rollo Peters,
who is at present living in Monterey, that
historic old spot where so many painters
and bohemians have lived before him.
In order to appreciate the gravity of the
situation one must understand that many
years ago a Mr. Sanchez, whose wife was
a sister : of the wife of Robert Louis
Stevenson, conducted and made hospit
able a certain tavern where the knights of
the brush used to congregate and tell jokes
and discuss art-.. In the regular order of
things all of the best known painters on
this coast and some from the East found
rest, recreation and hot Scotches under the
adobe roof of the ever appreciative
Sanchez.
Such men as Duran, Innes, Carlson,
Tavernier, Stanton, Latimer. Strong, Rix,
Peters, Roderiguez and others used to
drop in on old Sanchez and tell him ar
tistic stories and pass the time of day.
On a great many occasions they passed
several times of the day and* always
dropped in each time. Monterey and
Sanchez Tavern were the two bricht par
ticular spots on the Pacific Coast where
artists felt at home. They stayed there
all summer and found some of J their most
marvelous inspirations in the atmosphere
of . the old . cypress tree. It was a
veritable heaven for them in every way.
A painter, was not recognized in society
who had never been to Monterey and the
tavern of Sanchez.
Such pleasant associations as must
necessarily . have been enjoyed there
should have been preserved . in some way,
and it fell to the lot of Sanchez to devise
some ways and means of perpetuating the
old circle. He thought a long time before
the idea struck him, but he eventually
succeeded in grasping the situation one
day while looking over his accounts.
There were many names on his books,
and some of them were artists. ...: He
thought a little while over the matter and
got a good plan straightened out: in his
head. "Why not have them: paint, me a
picture—^each one of them— all of them?"
said ; he ; • "and some day, yes, some day,
the collection will be above price. , I'll do
it and square the accounts."
, It was a gigantic "undertaking, but it
carried at last, and in \a \ few I days 7 every
artist in Monterey was at; work on some
part of the interior of . the tavern of
Sanchez. The door panels, the window
casings, the walls, the bar ornaments, the
lookins-jilass frame, in fact, : the entire
room was adorned with some dainty
masterpiece by men many of whom have
since become famous. . •-*--.
Sanchez chuckled and laughed. It was
a great scheme. It was working well, and
as fast as artists came down from the city
they added their artistic mite to the al
ready stupendous collection. Sanchez
bubbled over with enjoyment to see his
place thus beautified. He wrote to Robert
Louis about it, and Robert Louis approved
of the plan. .
Sanchez "set. them up" liberally— that
is to say, he supplied cakes and ale with a
royal hand— for each picture, and the little
tavern became a celebrated corner of the
earth. Tourists came to look at. its walls
and panels, bloods bought their "bracers"
there, and every one went to have a peep
at the collection of paintings.
One day, however, Sanchez found that
the financial depression was beginning to
weigh heavily upon htm, and- within a
few weeks the iron hand of the creditor
was laid heavily upon his business, and it
passed from him. Here ends the history
of Sanchez. He rose and fell, but none
heard him strike. Sanchez was gone.
And now comes Mr. Polk, who, in com
pany with Mr. Peters, made the terrible
discovery that almost prostrated him for
good. It came about through Mr. Polk
expressing a desire to see the tavern of
Sanchez, of which he had heard so much,
and Mr. Teters. his host, said it "a-ould be
a pleasure to take Willis to the historic
spot.
"I have not been there for some time,"
said Mr. Peters; "in fact "not since San
chez left, but I guess it is there still. We
shall see." '-. ...
The two gentlemen locked arms and pro
ceeded to the tavern. When they arrived
and entered what Mr. Peters said was the
place, they were confronted with a plain
unadorned room with nothing but a bar
and a picture of Governor Jim Budd over
the center of the mirror.
"This must be the wrong place," ven
tured Peters; "let's go to the next."
The next was a Chinese washhouse and
Peters decided to return to the first place.
Immediately upon entering he walked
over to the wail and taking out his knife
scraped off the fire proof paint. There
was what he expected to find— a fragment
of a Tavcrnier. A little further on was
resurrected a bit of a Carlson and then a
small piece of Rix. In the meantime
Willis had uncovered a picture of James
Whitcomb Riley by his brother Dan. He
rushed over to the proprietor and de
manded to know the criminal who was to
blame for the wanton destruction of so
many gems. The man replied that they
had got to be "chestnuts" and that he
had painted the barroom over with roof
paint to give it a nice soft tone. He did
not know that he had wiped out a fortune
with his terrible brush.
. Willis swept the bar ornaments off on
the floor and hurried out into the open air,
where he denounced the floating popula
tion of the United States, and was finally
brought up to San Francisco to recover
from the jostle that had been admin
istered to his artistic nature.
MERSFELDER BENEFIT.
A Most Enjoyable Musical Event in Aid
of a Well-Known Artist.
A large and appreciative audience filled
Golden Gate Hall last night at the enjoy
able benefit concert tendered to Jules K.
Mersfelder, the well-known and popular
artist. Bainbridge Ryder acted as master
of ceremonies, and added not a little to the
evening's merriment by the * piquant sal
lies with which he graced the announce
ment of the various numbers on the
lengthy but delightful programme.
Perhaps the most enjoyable among the
vocal numbers was Massenet's "Salome,"
by Mrs. Alvina Heuer-Wilson. ! The gifted
singer fairly captivated her audience with
the magic of her magnificent voice, her
personality being, perhaps, almost as
charming. Mrs. Wilson wore a rich yet
simply made evening costume of ivory
white brocade, her only ornament being a
cluster of violets in her hair, kept in place
by a crescent of brilliants.
R. Fletcher Tilton contributed one or
two classical piano selections, while Signor
Cadenasso, in "La Donna c Mobile," from
"Rigoletto,". and the drinking song from
"Cavaileria . Rusticana," sang, as he has
always done, like a singer to the manner
born. P3mm&
. B. C. Bicknell did some remarkably clever
work in lightning modeling in clay, his
types being marvels of facial expression.
The Tress Club Quartet, composed of
Messrs. Tilton, Coffin, Tucker and Warde,
rendered a number of beautiful four- part
son while the duet. "A Night in Ven
ice," by Lucantoni, by Mrs. Wilson and
Mr. Collin, was one of the gems of the
evenink. , -
: Mr. Mersfelder modestly kept himself in
reserve until the end of the programme,
when he drew a number of beautiful and
graphic landscapes and marine sketches in
charcoal/concluding with several readings
from. "The Merchant of Venice." His
voice, while having an' admirable carrying
Quality, is singularly soft and expressive,
Ihe event was socially and artistically a ;
brilliant success.
al " 3 9 OWttn ' 8 Demurrer -Argued.
I In the case of T. McGowan of Vallejo, who
was charged .with receiving 320 .cans 7of
smuggled opium, a demurrer was argued be
fore United States District Judge Morrow yes
terday., The grounds of the demurrer were
that the acceptance by the Government of the
prima facie evidence, which the possession of
tne opium constituted, ' was contrary to the
constitutional, rights of I the accused. Judge
Morrow took the matter under advisement.
ANTICS IN THE ARCTIC
C* _ _ v -tTr-_ -• -,
Statements by Witnesses for Cap
tain Healy and Against
Him.
A GAY AFFAIE AT UNALASKA.
Story of the Man, Who Saved the Old
Sea Dog From an Unmarked,
Watery Grave.
Though the first half of yesterday's
testimony at the Healy investigation was
nominally on the side of the .prosecution,
the defense might have fared . far worse.
The first witness at the morning session
was Chief Engineer A. L. Broad bent of the
United States revenue cutter Corwin, for
merly employed in the same capacity on
the Bear, under Captain Healy. He testi
fied that on the night of a social aboard the
Pheasant the captain had imbibed quite
freely of the cup that cheers and fre
quently inebriates as well but the witness
did not think he drank more than the
other officers present. When asked
whether he was on friendly terms with the
captain, Mr. Broadbent replied that there
had been a slight misunderstanding be
tween them on the evening of the social at
Unalaska, but it had been satisfactorily
explained. He had seen the captain appa
rently intoxicated at a receptio*h given by
the officers of the Alaska Commercial
Company at Unalaska on the night after
the Pheasant affair and again on the fol
lowing night at a social event aboard the
Corwin, but never when on duty.
Regarding the captain's efficiency, the
witness stated that on occasions of danger,
when afraid to entrust the management of
the vessel to his subordinates, he had
known him to pass from thirty to sixty
hours on deck and spend as much as two
days: and nights consecutively in the
crow's nest. He characterized the captain
as a severe disciplinarian, but said he
could rind no fault with him beyond a
rather despotic demeanor toward his sub
ordinates. '■-.
A vision in broadcloth, gold lace and
white gloves then took the stand, and re
sponded in gentle terms to the name of
Dorry. He said he was assistant engineer
on the Bear and had known the accused
during a period covering* about twenty
months. He said the captain was never,
to his knowledge, under the influence of
liquor while at sea, but that at the social
events mentioned by the preceding witness
the veteran officer's language had been far
from choice— actually insulting, in fact.
He had heard no one criticize the captain
except during the Bear's last cruise. '
Executive Officer Albert Buhner, also of
the Bear, testified that in his opinion
Captain Healy's behavior on the Pheas
ant was no worse than that of the other
participants in the festive reunion. He
did not recollect having seen him intoxi
cated on any other occasion. He consid
ered the captain too strict in his method
of conducting the vessel, and said there
was some ill-feeling among the officers in
consequence.
William C. Meyers, second engineer of
the Bear, corroborated the testimony of
the other witnesses regarding Captain
Healy's hilarity on the occasions cited,
but did not feel competent to criticize him
as an officer. Personally he would trust
him in command of any vessel in any sea.
lie had felt rather sore toward the captain
for having refused to shake hands with
him on one or two occasions before others,
but cherished no resentment against him
on that account.
Chief Engineer C. W. Coffin was the
prosecution's last witness. He confirmed
the assertions of his predecessors, and
stated in addition that he had made two
cruises with Captain Healy and had had
"differences with him, but nothing
serious." ,'. :;,'■ -. - P-A - .. •■
The defense opened at the afternoon ses
sion by recalling the witness Coffin. He tes
tified tbat the captain had injured his back
quite severely when he fell from the wharf
at Unaloska. He could not say whether
tne captain was under the influence of
spirits on that occasion or not. He had
never seen him drunk at sea.
George G. Connell, first lieutenant of the
United States revenue cutter Perry, said
he had known Captain Healy for six years
and had made two cruises in his company.
He had never seen him drunk, out had
heard rumors to that effect.
Captain Hooper, senior efficer of the
fleet, testified that he had been present for
a short while at the "whisky and tobacco"
event aboard the Pheasant, and had not
noticed any undue exhilaration on Cap
tain Healy's part during that time. When
asked whether he thought it probable that
the captain succumbed to the potent
charms of the flowing bowl at a later hour,
he said:
"Well, perhaps he did. I would be
much surprised if I heard that one of the
men present at the social went away sober.
I don't see that there's anything so" dread
fully scandalous in a man getting a little
happy when he's off duty, anyhow."
Patrick Hutton, former master-at-arms
of the United States revenue cutter Grant,
said he had rescued the captain from a
watery grave at Unalaska. The Grant
was casting off and Captain Healy and a
number of other officers and civilians were
standing on the edge of the wharf waving
adieux to friends on the departing vessel.
Captain Healy was on the bulwark and
lost his balance. The witness saw him fall
and jumped into the water after him. A
boat was let down from the Grant and the
captain and his rescuer taken aboard that
vessel. The captain complained of a
severe strain in his back, but sat upright
in the boat and ascended the cutter's gang
plank without assistance: *If he was
drunk when he fell off the wharf, the cold
water had evidently sobered him, for after
the rescue he manifested no indications of
intoxication.
The investigation will continue to-day.
It is understood the defense is making
strong efforts to have the charges against
the veteran captain dismissed.
THE RICHMOND SCHOOL.
Recent Improvements Have Placed It
in a Good Sanitary Condition.
The recent agitation in the Richmond
district about the Richmond School not
being in a sanitary condition has brought
about good results. ", K'T'
"The agitation," said George Fletcher of
the Point Lobos Club yesterday, "has
been the means of placing this school in"
perfect sanitary condition and in estab
lishing a seventh grade, so that children
who in the past were forced to go to the
Hamilton Grammar School, almost a mile
from this one, can now attend ' the Rich
■ mond.
''The source of complaint several months
ago ; was that . tne outhouses" which were
very close to .the , main building, bad no
outlet and that the stench from them was
almost intolerable. Not only that, but
the atmosphere was polluted and many
children were \ affected %to such ' a degree
that the parents took them away. In the
rear of 5 the school there was a Jot sixty,
feet deep belonging to the School Depart
ment which was unused. This has been
added :to the school yard, and at the ex
treme eastern end there ha-» been built a
large outhouse on the • most approved
sanitary system for the ; use ; of the pupils.
'.'Then in addition a sewer has been con
structed to connect with the ono: on Penn
sylvania street. ; So ' now all ? the waste
water is carried away; " there is no longer
any stench, and the atmosphere I is as pure
as it can be. This has been done at a cost
of between $3000 and $4000. .7 Now the chil
dren have additional yard room. './yu ■ .-;
"At some time in the future," explained
Mr. Fletcher, '-we shall endeavor to have
the school building raised and then have
the yard graded."
The school building is well lighted and
the classrooms are bright, but there is one
interior arrangement that is defective, and
that is the stairs leading to the upper
story. "-\ They are very narrow, and in case
of a panic would prove a trap into which
many children, would be crushed. The
principal, Miss 'Tierney, stated that the
stairs are not as wide as they should be,
and Mr. Fletcher, who was present, re
marked that they could be widened with
out much trouble and without much
expense...; .* ;p .p.aA:/./*.< :-.y , *i.
DUNDON SUES AGAIN.
He Files a Comprehensive Complaint
Against the Pacific Bank.
P. F. Dundon has again appeared as a
plaintiff against 'the Pacific Bank. This
time his suit is quite comprehensive. He
wants a full accounting of all the transac
tions of the directors of the bank prior to
January 13,1896, and he asks that a judg
ment be rendered against them for the
full amount of the money lost to the Pa
cific Bank by reason of the negligence and
inattention which characterized the man
agement of the bank by the defendant di
rectors. <"
Specific allegations of mismanagement
are made, such as the expending of large
sums on accounts in no waj- connected
with the bank, loans upon insufficient se
curities and upon insufficient notes, and
other acts, to which the plaintiff takes ex
ception. ' "'.' * "" ' • '.'" *'■'•• \y£p r
HANGING BALANCE.
Contractors for the New Ferry
Depot Are Still in a
Quandary.
Awaiting a Decision by the Board of
Examiners That Is Slow in
Coming.
The new ferry building and the ways
and means by which construction on it
can be begun, were again under considera
tion by the Harbor Commissioners yester
day. Contractor Bateman reported that
he had sent the $33 warrant, for building
the fence, to Sacramento through Wells,
Fargo & Co. The bank presented it for
payment, and was informed that it must
take its usual course.
President Colnon announced that the
Board of Examiners would act on the mat
ter next Friday, and in view of the urgency
of the case he said something should be
done by the board at once. On the motion
of Commissioner Cole it was decided that
President Colnon should go to Sacramento
to-morrow morning in order to see that
something in the matter is done at once.
Postmaster McCoppin appeared before
the board and urged that a new and more
commodious structure than is now given
to the Postoffice on the water front should
be erected. He said it would be a long
time before the ferry depot was finished,
and that in the meantime the postal facili
ties of the City were suffering. The idea
is to make a great distributing depot out
of station D at the ferries, and from it
send all the mail for far-away points by
the cable and electric cars. •-:.•••
Postmaster McCoppin presented ' his
views in a neat speech, and the Commis
sioners promised to do everything they
possibly could. If the United' States Gov
ernment will agree to inaugurate a postal
delivery by electric and cable cars, then
the Commissioners will erect the necessary
building to accommodate the postal au
thorities. T .-- r *-
The owners of the steamer Gold thought
$25 a month for dockage an exorbitant
charge when viewed in the light of what
other steamship lines - had to pay. The
Commissioners thought the charge exces
sive and reduced it to $15. The owners of
Cousins drydock also wanted a reduction,
on the ground that it had never earned
the rent since it was built. The matter
was referred to the Chief Wharfinger, but
the chances are that a reduction will be
made. A/PAypyzPi. . ■ ■■■ PrP/.
The Board of Health wrote asking that
a place be set apart in which meat and
milk landed from steamers can be in
spected. The Commissioners were in
favor of the movement, but, as the request
is so indehnite, nothing could be done.
Meat and milk are landed from a dozen
vessels and at a dozen different points,
and at no one point could they all be con
centrated. In oraer to arrive at a definite
understanding it was decided to ask one of
the members of the Board of Health to be
present at the next meeting of the com
mission.
The pilot boat Jessie, which was recently
purchased for use on the Columbia River
bar, managed to slip away without paving
asl SO wharfage bill. As Wharfinger
Walkupwas to blame he was ordered to
pay the amount into the State treasury at
once. Mr. Walkup can now recover the
amount from the Columbia River pilots.
McNab & Smith, whose truck was dam
aged to the extent of $67 50 by the Belt
Railroad engine, will not get their money
without a legal .battle. . Acting attorney
Stratton has advised the board that the
accident happened on State property, over
which City laws have no jurisdiction, and
that, therefore, the board is not liable. On
the motion of President Colnon it was de
dided to sustain the yardmaster and allow
Messrs. McNab & Smith to sue for the
$67 50 if they so desired.
NEW TO-DAT.
9\l *U j %!*
Inferior articles
are never "Substi-
tuted."
Did that ever oc-
cur to you?
Be careful when yon ask
for Mantell's, and look tor
this little there are
substitutes around,
Country dealers can have
. Mantell's sent on approval,
subject , to return at our
expense— THE y "'
7; }- WERTHEIMER CO., S. P.
CALLS THEM FALSEHOODS
-em m. j. T»
Mayor Sutro Replies to Presi
dent Huntington's State
ments.
ONLY SERVE TO AMUSE HIM.
The Committee of Fifty Will Decide
on a Memorial to Congress
To-Day.
The expression on Mayor Sutro's face
underwent a variety of changes when he
read the dispatch recently received from
New York in which .C. P. Huntington is
credited with calling him a -'charlatan"
and "demagogue."
At first he was angry and showed it, but
presently, as he read, his eyes began to
twinkle, and he finally broke into a laugh
that showed that he was very much
amused. yy?"
"Huntington has lost his head," he said,
'•and begun "saying things that are palpably
false— that he knows to be false, and that
everybody who reads hisvaporings realizes
perfectly are false.
"It is this movement by the people of
Kentucky to take away the fraudulent
charter of the Southern Pacific Company
that has stirred the chief tentacle of the
octopus to squirm and writhe and roar
with the pair of exposure and possible de
feat. He sees that the people are gradua
ally being educated to a knowledge of his
wrongdoings and of the monstrous injury
the octopus is doing San Francisco and the
State of California. He knows that if they
are once roused and that if. the Legislature
of Kentucky repeals his charter he has
come to the end of his rope and must face
the inevitable result of his years of schem
ing and fraud— must either come to the
bar of justice or leave the country.
"It may be that he will take the latter
course, for he has for years past been in
vesting his money in Africa and Mexico
and could get away with an immense for
tune, leaving but the dry carcass of the
corporation's industries and municipali
ties which he has sucked dry.
"The statements he makes are a tissue
of lies which need no explanations from
me to prove them such. They contain
nothing after all but a personal attack on
myself, for which I care nothing what
ever, considering the source. It is the old
scheme of throwing mud to divert atten
tion, and resembles the tactics of that
loathsome marine reptile after which I
have named the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which, when pursued, clouds the
water about it by exuding an Jinky fluid
and escapes in the obscurity.
"Huntington hopes to do this, but he
will not succeed, for he is hemmed in on all
sides by the line, of tne angry people, and
like a wolf is turning at bay."
• The Committee of Fifty meets to-day to
discuss the memorial to Congress against
the passage of the funding bill and deter
mine which of the three documents pre
pared by M. M. Estee, John T. Doyle and
H. E. Highton shall be used as a basis for
the appeal from the people of California
to the National legislators. •
The position taken by Mr. Estee that the
defeat of the funding bill and not the Gov
ernment foreclosure of the mortgage on
the roads is the demand that should be
made by California is not exactly in ac
cordance with the views of some of the
other members of the committee, and a
lively debate is likely to be had on the
matter. " .- ? '
1 NEW TO-DAT. 1 ' :-'* T'j -V !
fflttPiWS
__*-3Ss*-*!)j
Winter
Clearance
Sale
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING.
CLOAKS!
Great Reductions in Jackets
and Capes to close out our winter
stock.
JACKETS Reduced to.. $4.00
JACKETS Reduced to.. SG.OO
JACKETS Reduced to.. 57.50
JACKETS Reduced to. I 0.00
JACKETS Reduced to. .$12.00
CAPES Reduced t0... $6.50
CAPES Reduced t0... $8.50
CAPES Reduced t0... $9.00
CAPES Reduced to. . .$ | 0.00
These garments were sold previous
to sale $12 to $80.
Also, Large Reductions in FUR
CAPES. .;__; -
'- 'SIS HABLA EBPANOI*.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary nnd Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.B'NAI B'RITH'S SCHOOL
The Grand Lodge Supports a Free
Religious Hebrew In
stitution.
GRAND OFFICERS ELECTED.
Exciting Contest for the Office of
Grand Secretary — Amendments
to By-Laws.
The Grand Lodge of the B'nai B'rith
Society at its session yesterday took up
the question of a free religious school for
children of poor Hebrews, and after an
animated discussion resolved to have such
an institution capable of accommodating
1000 children. Though there were differ
ent views presented in the debate among
delegates on tnis religious school, yet
only one sentiment pervaded the speeches
— that present conditions called for a place
where the children could be educated in
their religion, in the Hebrew language, in
Jewish history and American history.
A law was passed finally authorizing
the appointment of a committee of seven
by the incoming grand president to devise
ways and means for the erection of a per
manent building for the B'nai B'rith free
religious schoois.
It was stated unofficially that the so
ciety owned a lot on Natoma street, be
tween Third and New Montgomery, and
seriously considered the advisability of
building there. The cost of the structure j
was limited to $3000. The Grand Lodge
subscribed $1700 for the maintenance of j
the school, and $300 was contributed by i
individual members.
For the first time in the history of the
order in this district a law was passed pro- '
viding that each retiring grand president i
be made a member of the executive com
mittee for the year after the expiration of
his term of office. The object of this in
novation was to give the committee the
benefit of his experience in connection !
with business affairs of the order.
By an amendment adopted the maxi
mum amount that can be charged a sus- '■
pended member seeking reinstatement
is $15.
At the opening of the afternoon session
in B'nai B'rith Hall the election of grand |
officers for the ensuing year was com
menced. It was late at night before all I
M. P. STEIN, FIRST GRAND VICE-PRESIDENT, I. O. B. B,
officers and committees of the Grand
Ixxige were elecied.
E. I. Wolfe, Creraieux Lodge, was placed \
in nomination by Lucius Solomons for i
prand president, and elected without, op- \
position. For lirst grand vice-president,
M. P. Stein of Hope Lodge, Stockton, was ;
nominated by H. Marks of Stockcon and |
elected. Edward Bare of Columbia Lodge
was the successful candidate for grand sec- \
ond vice-president. He was nominated by-
Henry Newman of Columbia Lodge.
The one exciting contest of the day was
the election of a grand secretary. Three
candidates were in the field, each with a
strong backing. Jacob Levison, Ethain
Lodge, the incumbent, was nominated
by Albert Elkus of Etham Lodge
and seconded by Gabriel Cohen, I.
N. Chcynski and Julius Platshek, all
of Ophir Lodcre. J. J. jW-heim,
Golden Gate Lodge, was nominated'
by Simon Baruch of Golden Gate Lodge
nhd seconded by D. S. Hirschberg. Adolph
Kronberg, the third aspirant, a member of
Unity Lodge, was presented by Joseph
Kotscbild of Unity Lodge and seconded by
S. 8. Green of Cremieux Lodge. The first
ballot gave Levison 51, Asclieim 45, Kron-
JULIUS PLATSUIiJi, GRAM? TREASURER, I. O. B. B. £
EDWARD I. WOLFE, GRAND PRESIDENT, I. O. B. B.
berg 30. The second stood 50, 46, 36. re
spectively, and when Kronberg withdrew
at the third trial Levison got 74 votes and
Ascheim 61. The number necessary for a
choice was 53.
Julius Platshek of Ophir Lodge was nom
inated by William Saalburg of Ophir
Lodge and declared the unanimous choice
for grand treasurer, to which office he was
therefore elected.
David Cohen nominated B. Flyshaker of
Modin Lodge for sergeant-at-arms, and Mr.
Flyshaker was elected.
A. ST. Levy was elected grand outside
watchman.
For grand trustees there were six nomi
nations: B. Harris, Carson Lodge; Philip
Stern, Modin Lodge; M. Marcuse, Oakland
Lodge; S. H. Shockew, Montefiore Lodge;
J. L. Franklin, California Lodge; S. Hoch
stadter, Miriam Lodge, Marysville. B.
Harris was elected on the first ballot, and
on the second Messrs. Franklin, Stern and
Shocken withdrew their names, leaving
Messrs. Hochstadter and Marcuse, who
were elected by acclamation.
The judicial tribunal of the district, fa
miliarly Known in the order as the dis
trict court, which has jurisdiction in all
questions of appeal from all subordinate
lodges in the district, was chosen, the fol
lowing grand delegates having been elected
thereto: Jacob Greenebaum, Joseph Bien,
Henry Schwartz, Lucius L. Solomon, D.
S. Hirschbere.
Marcus Levy, Ophir Lodge, and Mann
heim Marks, Montefiore Lodge, were ap
pointed tellers for the election, and S. Blu
mauer of Portland Lodge acted as judge
of election.
The contest of the ballot-box over, the
Grand Loiige settled down to the calm
consideration of amendments to by-laws
of the Grand Lodge. Hours were given to
debates, but the only change of much im
portance was that of making the retiring
grand president a member of the execu
tive committee.
At the close of the session Abraham
Jonas of Oakland, the retiring grand pres
ident, was presented with a diamond pin
and was invited to sit for his photograph
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, IS9O.
for the album of grand presidents preserved
in the B'nai B'rith library.
The lodee adjourned at a late hour un
til this morning.
JOHN HAYS HAMMOND
Veterans of the Mexican War
Interest the President in
His Behalf.
Secretary Olney Writes That Every
thing Possible Is Being Done to
Protect 'Americans.
Colonel A. Andrews/acting on behalf of
the veterans of the Mexican war, wired
President Cleveland in behalf of John
Hays Hammond, now in prison at Pre
toria, South Africa, as a result of the
Transvaal complications.
Colonel Andrews yesterday received a
letter from Secretary Olney in reply. It is
as follows:
Department of State, Washington,/
Jan. 23, 1890. )
Colonel A. Andrews, Representative Mexican
Veterans, San Francisco, CaL— : The Presi
dent has caused to be referred to this depart
ment your telegram to him of the 18th inst.
expressing the interest of the veterans of the
Mexican war in behalf of John Hays Ham
mond, now in prison at Pretoria.
In reply I have to gay that on the 12th inst.
telegraphic instructions were forwarded to our
consular agent at Johannesburg directing him
to render Mr. Hammond and other American
citizens all possible aid and protection. Sim
ultaneously Mr. Bayard, the United States Em
bassador at London,' was cabled, directing him
to apply at the Britifh Foreign Office with the
view that the pood offices of the British repre
sentatives In South Africa might be availed of
j for the protection of Mr. Hammond and the
I other American citizens understood to be in
j peril there.
In response to the telegram above men-
I tioned, Mr. 'Manion. our consular agent at
I Johannesburg, has telegraphed that the orders
given him are being obeyed, while Mr. Bayard
i cables that her Majesty's Government has ac
ceded to our request and that the British High
i Commissioner had- been instructed to see that
Mr. Hammond and any other American citi-
I zens involved in charges of rebellion In the
Transvaal receive all proper protection and
assistance. I have the honor to be, sir, your
i obedient servant, Richard Olney.
At a meeting of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association yesterday the fol
lowing resolution, introduced by Julian
Sonntag, was adopted:
WaratßAS, This association has been in
formed that John 11. Hammond of California
and other American citizens are illegally re
strained of .their liberties iv prison in South
Afrit*; and whereas, it is the sentiment 01 the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
that everything should be done to secure the
release of said John H. Hammond and others.
Resolved, That the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association ot California hereby join
I .with others in requesting the Government of
i the United States to immediately take >uch
i active steps as may be deemed expedient
toward ameliorating the condition and secur
: ing the release of Mr. Hammond and others
j and the restoration of their property.
Resolved, That the secretary of this associ
i ation telegraph copies of these resolutions to
each of our Senators and Representatives.
MUST BE BUILT AT ONCE
* , -■..._.
Delay May Result m Loss of the
Home for Inebriates' Ap
propriation.
Dr. Gavigan Urges That a Site for the
Institution Be Chosen by the
Health Board. .
Dr. Gavigan, to whose efforts mainly is
due the possibility of a municipal home
for inebriates, says he has become deeply
concerned over the delay in the selection
of a site for the proposed institution. ;<
"The sum of $35,000 has been appro
priated by the Board of Supervisors for
the home," he said, "and that money
must be expended before the end of the
present fiscal year. So it is a case of
urgent necessity that the home be finished
before -July 1.
"The whole matter is in the hands of
the Hospital Committee of the Board o
Supervisors, but this committee ls waiting
the action of the Board of Health, and
consequently practically nothing has been
done by them. The committee has not
designated a site for the institution. The
selection of a site is the first step to be
taken, and once that were done the archi
tect could prepare his plans, and it would
not take more than four or five.months to
complete the home. If prompt action be
taken the building can be ready for occu
pancy by the end of the fiscal year. Mr.
Mooser has been appointed architect, but
he is waiting to hear from the Hospital
Committee before he can commence on his
plans. . • 7 ' ■" " ' "":'--.
"The intention is to open the home with
accommodation for fifty patients, and then
if the home should prove a public benefac
tion -the City authorities could enlarge it.
I see that the Receiving Hospital has not
sufficient or proper accommodations for
persons charged with insanity and de
tained pending examination. The home
would have ample accommodation for
such people," who would there be treated
accordine to the most approved methods
instead of r having them- locked? up in the
cold cells provided for them at the Receiv
ing Hospital. .'. " ---.■'«'
. "However, if the Hospital Committee
and the Bourd of Health don't taue prompt
action there is a s possibility that the insti
tution cannot be * established before the
fiscal, year : ends, and in that case it is
doubtful if the present appropriation of
$35,000 can be used at all."
s _^ w _^_ /> _^^^^_^_^^^^^ NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS. ■
HnpWO DOLLARS" WORTH FOR A DOLLAR is. about what we offer THIS WEEK as" : the'
npWO DOLLARS WORTH FOR A DOLLAR is about what we offer THIS WEEK as the
1 result of the STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS with which we continue our GREAT MID-
WINTER CLEARANCE SALE, and substantial proof of this fact is to be found in the following
items, in submitting which we t suggest an early selection by intending purchasers, as these are
BARGAINS THAT ARE INSURED A RAPID CLEARANCE by the SACRIFICE PRICES QUOTED.
; MEN'S FURNISHINGS ! EMBROIDERIES! .SM UMBRELLAS!,. : HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR !
At 10 Cents Each. At g rent _ a Yard At $1.50. /' , At 12 J. Cents a Pair *
~ka~-»** "•■fcripw.q^AiTTi FourVh^H SILI S CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK aud SWISS GUI- I^IES-MLK GLORIA UMBRELLAS, 47 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED
' 5 SCARFS, in Tecks tour-in-nands and PURE EMBROIDERY SWISS value with metal handles, paragon frames, CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, size 6to
SCARFS, in leeks i>our-in-nands and PURE EMBROIDERY re_ular value with metal handles, paragon frames, 71,/ r-^iilar nriw "^ «tn h. <On«i>X
Windsors, .atm lined, were 25c and l(te will beSosed out at's^l vSJd ' will be closed out at $1 50. ___%?_%£? ' be closed
35c, will be closed out at 10c each. iuc, win oe. ciosea out at _c a yara. _ out at XI/ - C a pair '
o„ , r* m ti^z-rx . v „ At $1.75. At 20 Cents a Pair.
At ST, Cents Each. At 7J_ Cents a Yard. GENTLEMEN'S SILK GLORIA UM- 97 dozen MISSES' FINE RIBBED BLACK
162 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED "CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI- BRELLAS. steel rods, natural and COTTON HOSE, double knees, spliced
HEMSTITCHED IIANDKER- PURE EMBROIDERY, regular value wood j handles, will be closed out at ' heels and toes, fast black, regular price
CHIEFS, extra large sizes, neat de- 12)_c, will be closed out at 7J_c a yard. $175. 35c, will be closed out at 20c a pair,
signs and fast colors, wore 12^c, will At $2.50. A t os, Cents a Pair
be closed out at S^c each. At 10 Cents a Yard. LADIES' SILK UMBRELLAS, with 137 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED
Af 7=". Cent*! Fndi CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI- carved celluloid handles, will be closed ! FRENCH COTTON HOSE hi«»h-
Wfln-n J l ', FXTPA rrvTr t>_-t, ' PURE EMBROIDERY, regular value out at $2 50. spliced heels and toes, warranted fast
c""c LAUNDERED SHIRTS S 15c .- vlllbeclosedoutatloca y ard - At $3.00. N black, regular price 50c, will be closed
two collars and one pair cuffs to' each, 7Af 10 i> Cr-nt* * V*i-H GENTLEMEN'S CANE AND UMBREL- out at 25c a pair, y^ij^y
were $125, will be closed out at 75c r,.,,,,™ ns-7x7^s7^ MrnpnmrDr LA SETS, umbrella with steel rod, j , At 15 Cents a Pair. -/TA/'-'
each. .t -; r. v . CAMUKic OUIPUKJi jiAll-KOiDI.K.Y, gloria silk, wili be closed out at $3. 63 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, black
At 7* Cents a Pair. regular price 2oc, will be closed out at boot and colored top combination,
iter a TiT^v-a Axrrk DAvoi „ m T .*-/_«-» <""• double heels and toes, regular price
145 FINISHED fl E N A D V Y° S i X U ED At 15 Cents a Yard. , RUBBER GOSSAMERS. 25c, will be closed out at 15c g apaiz
COTTON SOCKS, with double heels CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY Af R_T7^«f_ «, _ .At 25 Cents a Pair.,- . r
and toes, regular price 12^'c, will be '• reenlar value 25c, will be closed out at At °° Cents - "6 dozen LADIES' FANCY COTTON
closed out at 7J_c a pair. -; 15c a yard. LADIES' CLOTH RAGLANS AND CON- HOSE, black boot and striped top com-
._ _ , '_. . * , NEMARAS, value $2 50, will be' closed binations. hiirh-spliced heels and toes,
At 13 Cents a Pair. •' ; . 7Af o n'r_«tc , v„j out at 50c each. - regular price $4 20 per dozen, will be
122 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASH- ai .v urns a Xl - ' closed out at 25c a pair. *:.':
MERE WOOL SOCKS, in sanitary CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, ._.__ ' . At 50 Cents
gray, vicuna and fancy mixed colors. regular value 35c, will be closed out at LADIES' * KID LOVES. 37 dozen LADIES" HYGIENIC VFST9
extra good value for 25c, will be closed 20c a yard. v w " 6i aqzen ■ j a_jil>& _.x.ij-,Mt VESTS,
nrst *r lSn» nalr «••"■" "t- wosea high neck, long sleeves, natural color ;
out at 15c a pair. v At 35 Cents. also BLACK JERSEY RIBBED WOOL
*.♦- -in ~„. r..-r««rJ f «^™-S- «««« 3000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID .VESTS, high neck, long sleeves, regu-
At r>o Cents. CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, GLOVES, in tan, mode and slate lar price $1, will be closed out at 50c
72 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY - regular value 45c, will be closed out at shades, regular value $1, marked down each.
WOOL and MIXED CAMELS-HAIR 25c a yard. to 35c a pair. ' At 50 Cents
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS . , _^_________ 33 dozen BOYS' NATURAL GRAY SANI-
(odd sizes), were $1, will be closed out ; ' TARY WOOL VESTS; size 24' to 34,
At 75 gents. 11 fi IIS A I Ii 1 B Ll \l IS/ W ff> l 7 O lot MISSES' AND BOY» _F__NtS_TS
55 dozen MEN'S CAMELS-HAIR UN- iI II ilfl II B'H'H Ml K> ¥ IfU II I H STY I AND DP. A WERS, broken sizes, regu-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, ex- if ;f\ ill 111 IIA I S JJ i WW ill ail 1 ' lar price |1, will be clo3ed out at 50c
cio^oul"t !l Sc^ch Ul l - 5 ' *"" be , .'-,.. ..'/- ■ .■ j CORSETs! CORSETS.
At «1.00. ■ :.'.: . :.:._.■;
45 BsH#ia a S§' Balance of Fine BLANKETS, TURKISH TOWELS, 76dMraLiI)^,^ EN CORBETS ,
Si»E££sl CANTON FLANNELS, Etc., damaged in our, l^^&^S
3JJ..-H* beclos *' 1 <' 1 " «•' ** ; . basement, to be cleared out at once. * ' * fl ,« i '*••"« "■;" »' -""ii
■ ; L ■ - ..."-*- ' closed out at $1 each. *
. i
UJ Murphy Building, / fffj murphy Building, / ft/J/Murphy Building, J fi^/nnurphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market ana" Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets, Market and Jones Streets.
DRAGON AND "OLD GLORY"
Float Together Over the New
Low Quong Chung Chew
Clubhouse.
Opening Reception of an Association
Composed of Ejth Sam Yups
and See Yups.
The "stars and stripes" and the great
yellow dragon flag of China floated side
by side on the same pole yesterday over
the clubhouse of the Tinn Yee Kong Sow
Benevolent Association of the Low Quong
Chung Chew, at32}_ Waverlv place. With
in everything was in gala attire, as the or
ganization was giving an elaborate recep
tion to properly recognize the opening of
its rooms.
The organization, is incorporated under
the laws of California to. encourage matri
mony and the rearing of families, to care
for its members when they are sick and to
teach them American ways. Only mem
bers of the four great Low Quong Chung
and Chew families are eligible to member
ship, and there is already a large roll.
The many visitors yesterday were re
ceived by a committee, at the head of
which were Chew Haw, the president of
the association, and a large property
owner; Tim Cox, the secretary, and Chung
Ho, a director, who is also one of the pro
prietors of the Washington-street theater.
The rooms were shown with evident pride.
The furniture was of ebony, inlaid with
mother of pearl. There were -many'beau
tiful hangings of hand-embroidered silk.
A picture of Quong, the warrior king, was
back of the altar. The present altar will
soon be replaced by a very costly one that
has been ordered from China.
President Chew Haw is a fac-simile of
De Wolff Hopper dressed as Wang. He is
tall and slender, with an extremely, intelli
gent face. His mouth spreads in the same
strained and wide but good-natured smile
and his eyes are similar in every respect to
Wang's. He remarked that certain framed ' ..
writings on the wall were copies of wise
sayings. ■A7'pa/ : 7..aT..
"Yes," exclaimed Secretary Tim Cox,
"they are like your American mottoes of
'God Bless Our Home' and 'Home, Sweet
Home,' you know. We want to have our
members feel at ease in their recreation
rooms."
The president explained here that the
order was not wholly social in its idea.
"We want our people to do away with
the hatchetmen in arranging disputes,"
he said, through Tim Cox. "The =. law ,
offers reparation, but often the Chinaman
doesn't know it. Our association will rem- 1
edy this. Many of the impositions we ]
now suffer under will also be removed."
When asked if the association were See
Yup or Sam Yup in its tendencies, Chew
replied that it was neither. r
"There are some Sam Yups and some |
See Yups in this room now,'';- he added..]'
"Members of the same family may belong j
to different societies, but they are related j
just the same and will not fight.; Our or
ganization of the Low Quong Chung Chew j
is higher than the two rival societies and a I
Sam Yup man will be frien lly with: the 1
See Yups lin ' this '{ organization t and *nn ;
enemy, of all others. They will come here [
together just as they worship in common
at our temple at 9 Brooklyn alley." "./:; '-,"
- The -temple in Brooklyn-alley contains i
carvings hundreds of years old and valued
at several thousand dollars. One piece,
over eight feet Jong, containing hundreds
of figures, is carved out of a single block of !
wood: The temple has a beautiful inlaid
sign; over the inner door which was pre
sented to it seven years ago by Chung Yum !
Fong, the then Minister from 1 China,' who
was at the time en route for Washington. f
A Genius in- looking Beefsteak,' "-
One man in this town, whose regular oc-
cupation is not that of a cook, increases
his income materially by cooking beef
steak so well that clubs are organized to
enjoy it. He has been doin-r this for half
a dozen years, and he learned the art of
cooking beefsteak from a man who had
made a business of it for a quarter of a
century. Most of these beefsteak suppers
are given in a hall on the West Side, near
Fift3 -ninth street, where this special cook
keeps his stove. He selects his steaks five
or six week 3 before they are cooked, and
keeps them in an ice box until they are
wanted. They are thick, jucy steaks, and
they are cooked over hickory coals and cut
and served between slices of bread. They
are almost as tender as the bread, and men
who have once enjoyed- them are slow in
ordering steaks in restaurants. During
the winter there are two of three beef
steak parties every week in this hall. The
guests sit around the stove on empty
boxes, and use neither knives nor forks.
i « — * — • ■
BATTLE OP_OAPE ST. VINCENT.
A Combination ; of : Daring and Judg
ment Gave Victory to the English.'
As a naval action the battle of Cape St.
Vincent is distinguished by the firm reso
lution which, for sufficient reason,
dared to engage against odds so
1 great; by '■•'•the promptitude and vigor
with which was seized the unfore
seen opportunity offered by the severance
of the Spanish fleet; by the sound judg
ment which led Jervis to attack the
weather division, though far larger, be
; cause the Tee could not for a long
time assist , it; and finally, by the
! brilliant inspiration and dauntless cour
j age which enabled Nelson, to redeem in
time the single capital oversight committed
by the commander-in-chief. This combi
nation of daring and judgment, of skillful
direction with energetic determination to
have none but great results, marked an
epoch in naval history.
Succeeding the dawn that glowed around
the names of Rodney, of Howe and of
Hood this achievement of Jervis foretok
ened the approach of that brilliant noon
tide of the British navy which was coin
cident with the career of Nelson, and cul
minated at Trafalgar. "777'
t Its timely importance, in the eyes of the
■y imm -*v -Whs **«■__ *****_— WU "**-___■ ""mi* ~ |*W
>*'•'. ". ,- ' - 7, ■ .-. 7 ,
l THEODORE ROOSEVELT
I
Tells the thrilling story of
P ST. CLAIR'S DEFEAT
I
a" The author has made a careful study of this disastrous campaign, availing
f himself of material not hitherto used. The paper is handsomely illustrated by
fT R. F. Zogbaum ■ : 77 7. 7. -,
I
j HENRY LOOMIS NELSON / THE PASSING
9 - has an exceedingly timely and ' . OF THE
a .. important paper on ■»__■_■__*__._,-
-f FUR-SEAL
f CASPAR W. WHITNEY'S third paper of his series, On Snow-Shoes
I to the Barren Grounds, describes a characteristic bison hunt, with illustra-
f tions from photographs and from drawings by Frederic Remington. ■
| ' The New Baltimore' The German Struggle for Liberty. .
" Briseis by William Black. Joan of Arc, by Louis de Conte.
3 A Mother in Israel, the last story from the pen of the late .
_ * - Prof. H. H. Boyesen. A humorous story by M. E. Al. Davis,
} illustrated by A.* B. Frost. Etc., etc. '
I HARPER'S MAGAZINE
jj FEBRUARY NUMBER
j T FOR SALE ; EVERYWHERE • ,$4-00 A YEAR.
rsv n _.
Government, was shown by the rewards
bestowed upon the commander-in-chief.
Already destined, for eminent services, to
the lowest grade of the peerage, he was
now at one step raised to the dignity of
earl, with the title of St. Vincent, by
which he is now best known to history. —
Captain A. T. Mahan in the February
Century. - ■• -.
Boarding-House Jests.
A boarder trying some new butter was
surprised into saying "Good lard!"
Judge.- zyTy ,^4'i ■ . -..-'.
, "None of your sauce," as the boarder
said when he refused the Worcestershire.
Florida Times-Union.
Star Boarder — Mrs. Murphy, I. wish you
wouldn't try to carve that fowl. Mrs.
Murphy— Why? Star Boarder— Oh, I
hate to see the need imposed upon."
Florida Times-Union.
Customer (in cheap restaurant) Say,
waiter, please take this steak back and
swap it for anything you can find in the
kitchen. It is so tough that I can't even
bend it.— Barker.
Foggs calls the regulation dessert at his
boarding-house "pneumatic pie,'' in refer
ence to the elasticity of the integument
and the' unsubstantiality of the filling.—
Boston Transcript. _■-/••?;■
Old boaruer — What's for breakfast?
Hope not ham and eggs again. Waiter
girl No, sir; not ham and eggs this morn
ing. "Thank tne stars. What is it?"
"Only ham."— New.York Dispatch. .•■,/'•.■ .
"The boarders have all left Mrs. Neck
beef's house, haven't they?" "Yes, every
one. of them, and the coffee would have
gone also if it hadn't been too weak to
crawl away." Florida Times-Union. 7.
Bing — What's the difference between a
murderer with a shotgun and a waiter in a
cheap restaurant?
.Bang— None; they both fill you up of
things that don't agree with your stomach.
Philadelphia Bulletin. . AP7,P7< r 4£.j,
"Ah. me! What is so rare as a day in
June?" sighed the mistress of the board
ing-house, as she deftly nipped a tack
from the hash before her. "Nothing, un
less perhaps it's a square meal' in this
place," was the answer 'that popped into
the mind of the cadaverous boarder at the
end of the table. He • dared not speak,
though he was not too full for utterance!
Roxbury Gazette. - y-Ay.-n •;,
CLEARANCE SALE
fob the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from §?__
the manufacturers a full nnd 9_uf
' complete assortment of the la- _^_!r
test designs in Spuing and Sum- •_ y
mcc Goods, I therefore offer my __t_L_ '
entire stock of "Woolens now _£_*i£__R_.
on hand at Prices never before JS^TsfW?!
offered in San ""rancisco. ____\_________\
GUARANTEED GENUINS < *"2§| END
ENGLISH CASSIMERE _r_s^*l_
PANTS TO ORDER : .... - l|ss|||f
FORMER-. K-D-CCED TO |l (£_p_[
$10.00 $6.50 IHP
ALL WOOL SUITS 1 MM
TO ORDER : I iMu
FORMERLY EEDUCED TO Hi H B-1 Tl •'
$25.00 $17.50 I i 1
All other Garments Reduced J|i'|*^kV
in like proportion. You will do ar ■^*
•well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and _1t»
me a call before buying elsewhere.
V - Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEINI, The Tailor
, 201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bualj,
724 Market St. and 1110 & 1112 Market Si.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAU
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings Count j Bonds.
•VfOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THATSEALED
i.l proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
1890, for the purchase of thirty-two (321 Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (82), both Inclusive, of
.the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on . the first day of January,
1900, or at any time before | that date, at tiie
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
States, with interest thereon at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and Interest payable at theoffi.ee
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and January 0. 1596, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of ami in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
""late of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March 24, 1893. • •■'---'■ ■•■
.None of said bonds will be sold for less than faoa
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals. ■
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By, order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SI/AVIN,
c. -■-* *:■*. -■'■' ***"■:*. . County Treasurer. ■
WALL PAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
A,-. P. TO HAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW *,
WINDOW SHADES!
T Any Color, Size or Kind.
WHOLES AND— RETAIL.
HEALTH RESORTS. ■
THE ST. HELENA SMiTAKM,
ST: HELENA, NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.
910
INDOOR BICYCLE RACING
The Events and Prizes for the
Tournament at the
Pavilion.
A SAFE TRACK ASSURED.
California and Imperial Clubs* Dances.
Bay City's Training
Machine.
The proposed indoor bicycle racing tour
nament at the Pavilion in March seems
assured. The management has sent out
entry blanks and has purchased the prizes
for the various events, which will be
placed in the hands of R. M. Welch, rep
resentative of the National Racing Board,
and the racers may rest assured that in his
charge they will ba safe ana fully un to
value.
The list of events prepared by
Charles A. Wikidel, the manager of the
tournament, together with the prizes, is
as follows:
THURSDAY, MARCH 5.
One mile, scratch, class A— First prize, unset
diamond, $35; second prize, diamond scarf
pin, §25.
One mile, scratch, class First prize, unset
diamond, $100; second prize, unset diamond,
$50.
Ten-mile club cup race, class A, (cup $100)—
First prize, gold medal, $35; second prize, gold
medal, $25; third prize, silver medal, $15.
FRIDAY, MARCH 0.
One mile, handicap, class A— First prize,
diamond pin, $35; second prize, diamond cuff
buttons, $"25. if ; ? : i:
Two miles, handicap, class B— First prize,
bicycle, $100; second prize, unset diamond,
$50.
Club cup Continued.
SATURDAY, MARCH 7.
Mile-post race, class B— First quarter, unset
diamond, $25; second quarter, unset diamond.
825; third quarter, unset diamond, $25;
fourth quarter, unset diamond, $50.
Two miles, handicap, class A— First prize,
solid gold vest chain and diamond locket, $35;
second prize, gents' furnishing goods, $25.
One mile, Chinese race— First prize, United
States gold coin, $10; second prize, United
States gold coin, $5.
Club cup race— Continued.
MONDAY, MARCH 9.
One-quarter mile, scratch, class B — First
prize, bicycle, $100; second prize, suit of
clothes, $50.
One mile, lap race, class First prize, un
pet diamond, $35; second prize, diamond cuff
buttons, $25.
Five miles, scratch, class First prize, bi
cycle, $100; second prize, unset diamond, $50.
Club cup race— Continued.
TUESDAY, MARCH 10.
Half a mile, scratch, class A— First prize, un
set diamond, $35; second prize, diamond pin,
$**.-».
One mile, handicap, class B— First prize, bi
cycle, $100; second prize, suit of clothes, $50.
Club cup race— Continued.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11.
One mile, scratch, class B— First prize, unset
diamond, $100; second prize, unset diamond.
$50.
One-quarter mile, class A— First prize, unset
diamond, $35; second prize, diamond locket,
$•2.").
Half a mile, handicap, class B— First prize,
bicycle, $100 ; second prize, suit of clothes, $50.
Two miles, Chinese race— First prize, gold
medal, $15; second prize, silver medal, $5.
Club cup race— Final.
The entrance fees will be $1 for class B
events and 50 cents for class A. Entries
close Monday evening, February 24.
The date Sunday, March 8, has been left
open awaiting the decision of the National
Assembly of the League of American
Wheelmen, to be held next month in Bal
timore, as to whether or not the league will
sanction Sunday racing. If the decision is
favorable special events will be arranged,
■which will make this day one of the best
of the tournament. There will also be
held matinee races Saturday afternoon,
March 7, the events and prizes for which j
will be announced later.
The track to be put in the Pavilion will
be in position in time to give ample oppor
tunity for training upon it. Dressing
rooms for the riders will also be provided
in the Pavilion. The track will be eight
laps to the mile and will be constructed of
boards. The turns will be nearly five
times as great as those of the track put in
the Pavilion last year, having a radius of
100 feet, while the stretches will be 154 feet
in length. The track will be banked
throughout, with the exception of about
forty feet. It is expected to prove one of
the best indoor tracks ever constructed,
and besides being perfectly Eafe should aid
the men in making fast time.
The California Cycling Club will hold a
£arty at Mission Parlor Hall shortly after
ent. Messrs. Karl, Bent, Mayo, Wynne
and Harvey will direct the affair. The
club members are in constant training for
the 25-mile road race February 22.
Cycler is the name of a new bicycle pub
lication which has just appeared here. It
has twenty-four pages of bright, interest
ing matter and is well edited throughout.
Charles H. Gard is conducting it and San
Francisco and San Jose are the locations
of its offices. The style of the paper is
unique and it will doubtless find welcome
among the wheeling public.
Mitchell M. Shields, a well-known cy
clist of Los Angeles, is in the City for a
short visit. He was a noted rider in the
days of the ordinary bicycle and even now
can hold his own with the safety riders.
It is stated that a member of the Reli
ance Club of Oakland, named Parks, who
is now in Southern California, has been
trying to get material for the club's relay
team from among the flyers of that part of
the State. He has found, however, that
every rider 'of any known ability has al
ready been spoken for and that they are all
members of the Bay City Wheelmen.
The visiting committee of the League of
American Wheelmen called upon the
Olympic Club Wheelmen and was very
cordially received. * The committee's future
engagements are: February 4, Liberty
Cycling Club; February 7, Alameda Cy
clers; February 14, Olympic Cyclers; Feb
uary 17, Imperial Cycling Club.
The Imperial Cycling Club's dance next
Friday evening at Union-square Hall is
attracting the attention of the cyclists of
both sexes and will be largely attended.
Sanford Plummer, captain of the Bay
City Wheelmen, who has been in South
ern California for a month past, will be
home Friday.
John H. Witts, the transcontinental
tourist from Fall River, Mass., will find
mail for him at the Bay City Wheelmen's
clubhouse, 441 Van Ness avenue, if he will
call.
The Bay City Wheelmen has its new
home-trainer in position and the riders
are using it all the time now. It is similar
to the machine described in The Call
bunday, January 19, except that the
rollers, are ten inches in diameter, being
double tbe usual size. This is found to be
a great advantage. The machine is a
double one, so that two can ride at one
time, and it will fit bicycles of any length
of wheel base. . The rollers are not ball
bearing, as they would then run too easily.
The club would be pleased to have any
wheelmen who are interested call and ex
amine it at the clubhouse any evening.
The San Jose Roaa Club held an enjoya
ble party last Monday evening.
There has been a slight dissension among
a few of the members of the San Francisco
Road Club, but the trouble is over now and
the club continues on in a prosperous way.
A JOCKEY'S DEFENSE.
Jasper Madison Claims Bartender
Murphy Was Going to Strike Him.
Jasper Madison, the colored jockey,
was arrested at the Bay District racetrack
yesterday afternoon by Policemen Brown
and Pyle and booked at the City Prison
on the charge of assault to murder.
Particulars of the assault were published
in yesterday's Call. The trouble occurred
in the Richmond saloon, Sixth avenue
and I) street, on Sunday night, when j
Hugh Murphy, the bartender, was cut in
the neck by Madison.
Madison said that he acted in self-de
fense. "Milroy," he said, "put down $2
to pay for the drinks, but Murphy said he
was 50 cents short. Milroy then took up
the $2 and threw a $5 gold piece* on the
bar. Murphy only gave him $1 50 back
and we all kicked. Murphy turned to me
and called me an offensive name. He
grabbed hold of something and came at
me from behind the bar." and to defend
myself I pulled out an old razor I use for
cutting my corns and slashed him in the
neck before he could hit me."
AT THE PARK.
The Storm Did Not Do Any Damage,
The Canal Being Torn
Down.
"The storm of the past few days," said
Superintendent McLaren of Golden Gate
Park yesterday, "did but very little dam
age, in fact less than has been done by
storms in years. It washed the dust off
the trees, however. Strawberry Hill stood
it well and the water that washed down its
sides escaped through a sewer under the
lake."
The superintendent explained that
Strawberry Hill is composed of red rock
and provisions were made to prevent the
rainwater that in winter washed down its
sides from entering the lake. The water
ho said is so deeply colored that if it en
tered the lake it would redden it to such a
degree that for weeks it would look like
the Red Sea in miniature, and it was for
this reason that drains were built under
the foundation of the lake.
Some of the roads off the main ones were
slightly cut up, but these can be repaired
with a few cartloads of soil.
Yesterday the full force of men were at
work at the site of the new music con
course. The trees that were crowing in
the grand court of the Midwinter Fair are
being removed and transplanted to the
f rounds that were occupied by the Vienna
'rater. In the place of those that are be
ing removed there will be planted shade
trees, poplars, maples and sycamores.
These will be planted in such a manner as
to give the greatest amount of shade to
those who in the future will assemble to
listen to the concerts.
The once famous canal operated on the
hill west of the casino is being taken down,
the venture no longer paying. It was a
fad that lasted for a time, but people tired
of it and the income of late was not suffi
cient to meet operating expenses.
A. J. SMITH EXONERATED.
It Was a Case of Two Men Hav
ing the Same Name and Both
Having Claims.
The Accused Showed That He Had Done
His Utmost to Find Out Why the
Draft Was Sent
The peculiar coincidence of two men
having the same name and both having
claims against the Government was a
cause of a very unpleasant experience for
one of them; but, fortunately, the matter
ended. in a complete exoneration of him
yesterday.
On Friday a confidential employe of the
Treasury Department, A. J. Smith by
name, was arrested on complaint of
Cashier Thomas P. Burns of the United
States Sub-treasury for having obtained
$18 75 on a warrant which was really in
tended for another A. J. Smith. The
other A. J. Smith had been a dealer in
liauora and cigars, and having given up
his business before the time his internal
revenue licenses expired he was entitled
to some rebate for the stamps he had left
over. This rebate was sent by the Treas
ury Department, but it fell into the hands
of the first mentioned A. J. Smith, and as
this particular A. J. Smith had claims
ntrainst tbe Government for services ren
dered to both the internal revenue and
customs divisions he supposed the money
was for him and cashed the piece of paper
as a matter of course.'
A. J. Smith, the accused, had done some
work in the line of securing evidence in
connection with the Emerald gang of
smugglers, and he naturally supposed the
check was a part of his compensation.
The Government, according to his state
ment, made him a special emyloye for
several months. He had also secured in
formation in reference to some smuggled
opium, silks and cigars which came on the
steamer Colon, and he also had a claim
against Chinese inspector M. B. Hereley
of Chicago for $30 for services in securing
evidence regarding the circulation of
fraudulent Chinese certificates in China
town.
The treasury draft, when it was received,
was duly indorsed by Smith, the special
employe. Subsequently the right Smith
appeared at the sub-treasury and made
inquiry as to why a warrant intended for
him had been utilized by a person to whom
it did not belong. There it was. however,
in Mr. Burns' pile of papers, with the
name "A. J. Smith" on its back.
Mr. Burns called to account the Smith
who got the money and advised him to
make it good. At first Smith, the recip
ient, thought it best to go and make in
quiries of Deputy Surveyor Samuel J.
Kuddell and the internal revenue officers.
He had long before written a Jettei of in
quiry to the Treasury Department and
the answer was such that he thought the
matter was all right. However, he con
cluded to pay back the $18 75 to Mr. Burns
and the right Smith got the money.
All this came out before "United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday, and as
tbe Commissioner was of the opinion that
there was no intent to defraud, he dis
charged the accused. Judge Heacock
thought Smith had gone very much out of
his way to ascertain the true status of the
affair, considering the ci.cvm stances, and
had done more than could be expected.
Mr. Smith handled his own case, acting
as his own attorney. T 4-4
WATCHING THE MEAT.
Harbor Commissioners Asked to Co
operate With, the Board
of Health.
The Board of Health, in order to com
plete its already efficient system of meat
and milk inspeciion in this City, has asked
the co-operation of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners. The following letter was
sent to the guardians of the bay yesterday:
To the Board of Harbor Commissioners— Gen
tlemen: The Board ot Health ol the City and
County of San Francisco, having in mind a
more thorough public inspection of all milk and
meat entering the City, very respectfully begs
to direct the attention of your honorable body
to the fact that a very large portion of these
supplies arrives at the water front. before dis
tribution throughout the City.
An inspection would, therefore, not only be
greatly facilitated, but rendered far more
efficient, if your honorable board deemed it
feasible to grant the request of your petition
ers, which is to , set aside a place or room on
the water front where such inspection could
take place, both during the day and night in
the manner indicated. Very respectfully,
, J. F. Morse,
H. H. Hart, 4
_■■.. _-. _. ...... Committee.
They Died Suddenly.
Mrs. Katie Gauch, a housewife, was found
dead in bed at her residence, 913 Buchanan
street, lest evensng. Death resulted from nat
ural causes. Charles J. Campbell, an old man
who for several weeks past had been stopping
at the Golden West Hotel, was taken seriously
ill yesterday afternoon and it was decided to
remove him : to the City and County Hospital.
i*i ambu l a nce was summoned Ito convey the
old man to the hospital, but before he reached
his destination he succumbed. The body was
taken to the Morgue.
_ The best transit of Venus took place on
December 1874; no other will occur : till
-004.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
LITTLE COIN IN SIGHT
The Downtown Gambling " Den "
Keeps Money Away From
the Track.
THREE FAVORITES IN FRONT.
Oregon Eclipse Surprised the Crowd
by Taking the Opening Event
at Odds of 25 to 1.
With the "commission brokers" again
firmly established in the barn on Glasgow
alley, in receipt of authentic information
from the Bay District, a noticeable falling
off in the attendance at the track is visible.
Yesterday the play in the betting ring was
very light, and had not the gentlemanly
French plunger from Montana turned
back into the ring a portion of his win
nings by some inopportune plays many of
the pencilers would scarcely have made
clerk hire. The officials of the track are
apparently not exerting themselves in an
effort to prevent the returns being sent
broadcast. An emissary from the down
town "joint" was present at the track yes
terday, and at the conclusion of the first
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
S'. v . en A eenth P ay of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
-*-* Muddy. Bay District Track, San Francisco, Tuesday, January 28, 1896.
; allowances; purse
Ind.
nd. Horse, age, weight. St. *A % 84 str. Fin. Jockeys.
583 Oregon Eclipse, a 99 1 • 11 ~Th 11 l"%" Krawley
673 Realization. 4.... 102 4 21% 2 i/ 3 23 9 1% Coady
696 Banjo. 5 99 3 6h 4 i 43 3 i W. Flynn
673 I Yemen, a 99 7 4h 3 3 34 4 4 Jones
6.3 Sennit/., 4 107 2 3h 6% 62 610 Shields
601 | Card well, 3 94 5 7 « 4 (5 3 610 Moran
583 Gold Bug, a....... 95 1 6 63 7 7 7 Donnelly
20
4-5
6
3
J
10
30
1 10
Betting.
Op. 01.
25
1
6
17-5
8
100
25
Fair start. Won handily. Winner, J. Robblns' eh. g., by Joe Hooker-Lulu Riggs.
miuutes. Time, 1:15%.
At post 12
aflA SECOND RA
DUtt. $400.
ilorsf , age, weight.
¥2
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
601 I
586
684 i
680 i
(590)'
660 ;
Billy McClskey. 3.112
Zarugoza, 6 126 .
iliohiu Hood I, 6. 129
Ida H, 3 107
;iClsle, 3 106
Johnny Payne, 6.. 130
4
a
3
1
t;
6
5 h
9 -v
1 5
4 h
6
3 1
43
23
1 6
6%
3h
3 6
9 li
1 4
44
6
64
2 2
a 6
13
4 6
6
6
13
2 4
33
4 10
6 20
6
I Shaw
L. Lloyd
H. Martin
J. Ctaorn
W. Flynn
Allmark
3
5
9-2
2
6-2
15
11-6
10
9
2
6
30
(Jood start. Won easily. Winner, Pleasaut Hill stables eh. c, by Joe Hooker-Jessie R. Time,
1 :47i/2.
/^n~ THIRD RACE- About six
; purse $300.
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
627 Midls, 3 98i
478 Syndicate, 6 103|
408 Kaphael, 5 107
596 Marry I,i-»|», 5... 99
648 Bravura, 4 98
682 Modesto, 5 97
f>*; Blager, 5 97
677 i Myron, 4 »4
3
1
6
•_'
4
7
5
8
2 4
1 h
B 2
3 4
6h
8
1 4
2 3
6 1
3 3
6V,
4 1
8
1 5
2 4
I V i
4 1
8
1 2 Donnelly
2 3 lE. Jones
3 Vi JHinrichs
4 VS |McClaln
5 ) T. Sloan
6 6 Beidy
7 2 Corhran
8 Wiiihmutli
2-5
5
6
8
12
30
20
20
2-5
16
12
10
25
80
9
25
Poor start. Won easily. Winner, Burns «fc Waterhouse's b. g., by imp. Midlothian-Electric Lieht
At post. Time, 1 :1754. r 6 •
flOf> tou RTH RACE— One mile: four-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse, $ 400.
Horse, age, weight.
V*
Benin*.
Op. Cl.
594
582
492 '
684 I
683 i
636
422 !
695 i
631 |
Modprocio, 4 104
Ike L, 4 109
Little Bob, 4 106
|Ip.Full rtnLass 5.109
I lied Will. 4 109
llMicleOiles, 4.... 109
Wbltestone, 5. ...114
jUilead, 5 114
| Miss Xorrna, 4.. ..104
3
6
t;
7
4
1
S
y
2
5 1
1 y 2
3 fa
Oh
2 1
9
71
BVa
4V 2
3 4*
5 li
6 2
2 3
7 3
8 2
9
4li
1 3
3 V 3
4 3
6 3
2%
64
8
9
7
1 3
4 J
8 ■-
r.
8 h
8
7
8
9
1 4 Coehran
2 h |J. morn
83 lfinrii-MB
4 i/3 Snider
6 4 toady
6 3 Shaw
76 H.Martin
8 10 jM. Bergen
9 |J£. Jones
9-5
10
7
50
6
8
30
2
10
7
10
150
8
15
20
6-2
10
Good start. Won easily. Winner, (i. B. Morris & Co. 1 ab. m., by Imp. Sir Modred-Preclosa. At post
25 minutes. Time, 1 :46> 4
607 FIFTU J?ACE ~ About six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; allowances; purse $400.
Index. |
Horse, weight.
St. j y 4
1
2
8
8
6
3
7
4
! Fin.
Jockeys.
'horn .......
rones ,
irirhs
loan
dy
elds
Claln
I nelly
[ Betting.
! Op. Cl.
..j 9-2 7-2
... 7 9
... 20 40
... 4 7
.. 12 7-a
... S 3
.. 15 30
• i 8 20
663 Pollock li
080 Jack Atkins li
689 Virste A II
680 Walter J 1
527 DoiiGara li
673 Miss n OB 3 ...K
6t>3 Trappeau li
577 Palomaclta li
.
4 1
a ii
6 •£
6 S
74
31
8
1 h
1 3
2 ."•
4 2
3 9
72
6 8
8
62
1 4
26
3 1
4 5
5
7
8
13 |
2 10 ;
65 j
6 10
7 3
8
| J. Chorn i
;E. Jones |
i Hinrirhs '■
C. Sloan I
iCoady
Shields
McClaln
I Donnelly j
loor start. Won easily. Winner, McNaughton & Aluir's eh. g., by imp. Kossingtou-Marjorie".
CIC\Q SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs (Inside course); selling;
\J\JO. purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
s /i Btr.
1% ~7i~
2 2 2 v a
3h 3 2
42 4 3
6 V a 6 9
7 1 71
63 64
8 8
I Betting.
;op. cr
698 ,Monitor, 3 108! 2
688 .Comrade. 6 122' 4
366 Eckert, 4 119 ! «
698 ! Don Pio Pico, a. ..1ll I 1
68ti Began, 1 US 3
686 I Vernon. 4 119 1 7
685 j\V. 1.. Munson, a. 1221 6
412 UiinrtPrslaff, C... 125 8
1 h
2 1
8
33
5 v 2
if
7%
1 h
23
7
32
tih
6h
4i/ 3
1 1
2 3
34
46
7 4
8
Coady |
J. Chorn I
U.Martin
Shields
Ballurd
W. Flyna
C. Sloan
Shaw.
3
6
20
8
4
6
3
10
5-2
7-2
15
8
6
30
6-2
20
i.a^l.^^io™ 011 eeasyi 'y- w 'nner, Ca ifornla stable's eh. g., by imp. Sir Modred-Visalia. Time,
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club. Bay District Track.
In races where tbe horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at ths next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa, fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f.. furlong: *, about.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs: selling; non-winners of two races.
Indox. I
Name.
Lbs 1
I Bent
record.
Lbs!
Pedigree.
57S Salisbury 11....)
234 JAmerica I
597 IPiexotto
61)-) Sylvia
689 Kasel
570 Carrie U
(579, *l"niversity
5G3 Myrtle H
607 TortOfll
607 Jack Atkins....
94! 1:02
105:1:08%
91 no rec.
86,
891 :50
9311:17
90 1:11%
87! :66
109 1:1634
87| : 49V2
6 f
6 f
Yarn'
6f
6i/ 8 f
IV
yam
95|F..
9t; h.
Ibs |f".'.
95 Fa
107 jH. . 1
104 1 P..!
l'J9 P.. I
109 F..|
Burns* VVaterhouse 1 Racine-imp. Flirt
C. H. Durkee Red Iron-Lou B
K. W. Roberts Imp. Brutus-by Kelpie
B. Srhreiber Imp. Wagner-Fabecla
Woodlawn stable... Ben Ali-Kzza
H. T. Griffin Paniqne-Rebecca Rowett
W. D. Randall |lmp. 11l Used-Affinity
1.3. Roche jTorso-Lady Leinster
:D. Miller Ecquador-Eva S II
jJ. P. Atkin IRegent-Misadee
♦Formerly Fijian.
BECOND BACE— About six furlongs; selling.
Index. Name.
(601) Summertime...'.
. 562 CJussie.... ;
684 Miss Kuth......
601 Highland
697 r-ovenaC
118 Kitty L
689 Tennessee Maid
680 ! Eventide.
601 Suffrage..
! MerryGo Round
1371 Sweet Rose
174 Xnrmandie
Lbs
95
104 j
96 1 :14^
04 1 1:131/2
LOO ! 1:42
107 1:16%
107 .1
100 1:15%
95 1:06
85 1:141/2
85 :66y 2
85 .....;..
95 no rec.
98 1:29
Best
record .
*6 f
si/gf
1 m
6f
*6f
5 f
*6f
4Vaf
92 1
119!
= 94 :
106 1
"93 i
109
87 i
97
n..
H..
F..«
H..
F.V.
H..
1f...
f...
El Pnmero stable. . ! Fitzjames-.Springlike
vvilliams&MorehsejHydcr All-Attraction
A. H. Mnrtln iSobrante-Kuth
jB. Schrieber j Colonel Hepburn-Edna
ill. J. Griffin Aiisel-Mlss Goodrich
Niagara stable Major Ban-Scot
Hope Glen stk farm Imp. San Simeon-Tennessee
; M. J. Kelly. . Flambeau-Evangeline
t ™l?? H Btabie - • Im P- Suwarrow-Franchlse
J. Robbins I Lepanto-Fannle Lee
Burns AVVaterhouse! Flambeau-imp. Fairy Rose
ißamsdelUGarlandllmp. Kvrle Daly-ExTract
....
ioi
f.!;I
IRD RACE— Seven furlongs: Naglee stakes; handicap.
I 1 Best I
ndex. ! Name. y^bs record. ! Dlst.
593 'Roiebud ........ 1 06 1: 28% Tf
489 Bright Phcpbus.. i 119 l:05i/ liA m
489 Marionette...... 97 1:14% Of
618 Charles 800t5... 101 l:01«4 5 f
(693) Imp.Star Ruby. ! 118 1:4414 In
(524) Crescendo j 118 1 : 131,4 6 f
661 Scimitar .... |90 1:29% 7 f
Name.
Lbs'
!?s ■„ n", r v * W at^rh'se Tyrant-Rosemary
}» v ; }>el Monte stable. . . Falsetto-Buffi and Bine
inlip" ' t E ln i% st , able - •In'P- Mariner-Maranette
«q I ?.",?m ."Li* Co •• "ampton-Orn-nient
ISSIp" T H ShSiW flambeau-Imp. Janet N
104 F.. J. H. Shields Imp. Kothen- Wyandotte
Name.
Lbs
Best
record .
Owner.
MS Crackajack
617 |Addie M
600 jDorsey
688 I Joe Hill
1447 Decision
6U5 Margaret M
688 IMy Sweetheart, i
11
1:01 5f
i norec.
1:01% 5f
> 1:011/4 |6f
> 11:01% is f
i I:O3V* 6f
1 :49y a % m
1:0514 It'
92 F...
........
97JF...1
101' F...i
106iF... I
104 F... 1
109iF...|
99 11..
Westchester stable. | Imp. Sir Modred-Blithesome
«"mm! cr V ! Winters-Ida O'Neil
\vuilams*MorehsejKolian-by Patsy Duffy
*>• A. .\unau | Cyclone- Kate Carson
Si "I" j Kingston-Lady Golden
M. Donovan j Wagner- Fleta
I {■ F *y-- v • • ; Bradford-Woodlodue
I W. H. Schooler \ Major Ban-Libben-itilbbet
FIFTH RACE-Short course; about one
a half miles; steeplechase: selling.
ex.
I Best
Name. ! Lbsi record.
Long dOr 143! n0 reel
Col. WelghtmanlSe 3:36y 2 ;
April 165!3:2<!
Adelante 126 no rec.
Gnadaloupe 148;3:22V4
JOC 144 3:24
IClcero 16l|
*l%'m
•iv 3 m
•i'y 2 m
•l%m
Lr* Tk.|
i
'i'2'7 ii.!
136 F...
S. Halliday
A. G. Blakely
W. B.Dodd !
: William Stewart. . . !
1 Pleasanton stable. .
lElkton stable I
Is. C. Hildreth |
! Kayon d'Or-Blandana
i Warfellow-Lessie P
1 McCrearv-Hosa
;El Rio Rey-OKatena
Grlnstead-Joaie C
'Apache-Irene
I Longfellow-Belle Knlg
!i«!id
11221F...J
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
of two races.
465
680
690
579
602
697
690
Examiner.
tiara J oh neon..
Catalogue
Ure«t Falls
Geo. Bonhert...
Little Pete
Green River
Clare N*
Ktme.
B«st
Lbs record.
101 1:131,4 1
991 :6B
10»' 1:23
102 no rec
99 : no rec
97 1 no rec
109 no rec
106|
♦6 f
61/ 3 f
Tk.
F...
F...
H..
Vici stable I
M. Johnson
C. Tj-ron
G. U. Trwm
Matt Bonhert.
P. E. bmith...
J. B. Chase '..'.'A
J. Greer
Surinam-Imp. Paloma
El Rio Bey-Valeric :
Gano-Jennle C "
Glen Elm-Nordica •
TtPvelilo-SJnrtle
«evenie-saaie.
St. Saviour-Lulu B
•Formerly Alias May.
three or "four races sent a telegram with
the results, and in return received a bun
dle of dispatches from the operator,; the
latter, no doubt, purporting to be com
missions to be placed for the downtown
house. The commissioner sicned his name
but once for all of these valuable messages,
which were written in cipher, and if the
money was bet the City customers must
have got decidedly the worst of the betting,
for he never got dangerously near the bet
ting: "Possibly* the laxity shown by
the track management in not using more
strenuous efforts to prevent the results of
the different races being sent forth is be
cause of the wheel game fostered by the
club, that is a source of such rich income,
and they fear that pulling the monkey's
tail may cause the lion to roar.
The racing was very commonplace, with
one exception the different events all being
cheap selling affairs. Favorites took three
races.
Very few of the crowd supposed old
Oregon Eclipse a dangerous factor in the
opening short six-furlong run, and he was
neglected in the betting with odds cf 20
and 25 to 1 about him. Getting away in
front, he ■ led all the way, and passed the
wire a scant length in front of the 6 to 5
favorite, Realization.
The next event at seven and a half fur
longs was run over the inside course,
partly up and down hill. Ida H was a
2 to 1 favorite and failed to get inside the
money. The 11 to 5 second choice as
sumed the lead the last sixteenth and won
easily, with Zaragoza finishing in the
place. Robin Hood I, who made the run
ning to the stretch, finished third.
The third race over the short six-furlong
route wa; nothing but an exercise canter
for the 7: to 5 favorite, Midlo, who won
pulling v, , with Syndicate in the place. .
. Big things were expected of the Syca
more stable's Gilead, with Bergen up, in
the mile run, but he proved a disappoint
ment, finishing in the far rear. The 2to 1
favorite Moderocio took the lead on the
backstretch and won as he pleased by four
lengths. In a hard drive Chorn, en Ike L,
got his mount home a nose in front of
Little Bob, ridden by Hinrichs.
The Burns and Waterhouse entry Palo
macita opened a 11 to 5 choice for the fifth
event on the card, a short six-furlong spin,
but receded in the betting to 10 to 1 around
post time. The play was principally on
'on Gara, Pollock and Miss Ross, the lat
ter closing a slight favorite. Palomacito
set out to make the running when the flag
fell, but near the half was cut off by Pol
lock, with Chorn up, and never cut much
of a figure thereafter. Pollock was never
headed and won easily by two lengths,
with Jack Atkins in the place. Virgia A
was a poor third.
The last number on the programme was
another seven-and-a-half-furlong run over
the inside course, with eight starters.
Getting away from the post second, Moni
tor/equal choice in the betting with W. L.
Munson, soon showed in the lead and won
ridden out, a length in front of Comrade.
The long-priced outsider Eckert waa third.
Track and Paddock Items.
The judges fined Jerry Chorn, who rode
Pollock, $50 for cutting Palomacita off.
Little Donovan rode the Burns & Water
house entry, and it is said Jerry "had it in
for him." Jerry was called before the
stewards at the conclusion of the racing,
and they will investigate the latter asser
tion. - zy- -."■' •"•■
Eolo, Lew Weir and the other horses
recently purchased by A. B. Spreckels are
due to arrive to-day.
Trappean was lame when he went to the
post, and when too late his trainer wished
to have him excused.
Mr. Wibaux, the Montana plunger, is
said to have quit about $10,000 loser on the
day.
1 lie Board of Stewards of the California
Jockey Club last night decided to receive
no more entries from J. P. Woolman, on
account of the running of Montana at
Ingieside on January 20. It was thought
that the best interests of racing would be
served by the ruling.
FASCINATED BY A WOMAN
Ebenezer F. Dunton Tells of
Mamie Barnum's Influence
Over Him.
Defies All the Rules of Court, and
Entreaty and Threat Prove 7
Useless to Stop Him.
Ebenezer F. Dunton, the war veteran,
afforded considerable entertainment to the
habitues of Judge Campbell's court yester
day afternoon when he appeared on the
witness-stand to relate his adventure last
Wednesday with Mamie Barnum and
Kittie Nelson. He started off by declaring
he wanted a "square deal," and he seemed
determined to have it.
The Judge confessed that Dunton was
the most garrulous witness he had seen in
his court. He was implored again and
again to confine himself to answering the
questions put to him, but it was no use.
Every answer was accompanied by his
thoughts, impressions or sensations, and
after the court stenographer had filled one
book and started to get another the Judge,
almost with tears in his eyes, begged him
to be guided by tbe rules of the court,
adding: "Your garrulity will cost the
City and County $500, as that man,". point
ing to the stenographer, "gets 15 cents a
folio." But the appeal was in vain.
, Attorney Joseph F. Coffey, who repre
sented the Prosecuting Attorney, had to
ask the Judge to protect him from Dun
ton's impertinent sallies. Dunton, because
Coffey persistently asked him to say
"yes" or "no" to his questions, got mad,
and insolently remarked, "I should judge
you are the defendant, and not these
women." At another time Coffey asked
to see the purse which the Barnum
woman took from Dunton, and Dunton
handed it to him gingerly. After it was
handed back to him Coffey asked, "How
much money is in the purse now?"
"Well," said Dunton, looking at him sig
nificantly, "there was $80 when I gave it
to you, but I don't know how much there
is now."
Attorney Mack, who appeared for the
defendant, often crossed swords with
Dunton during his cross-examination, and
at one time Mack became so exasperated
that he threatened to ask the Judge to
commit him for contempt unless he kept
a civil tongue in his head. At another
time Dunton would not stop talking, and
both Mack and Coffey shouted in despair,
"Who's running this court?"
Dunton testified that -until six months
ago he was chief steward of the main din
ing-hall at the Soldiers' Home, Yount
ville. He came to the City on December
22, and had been staying at the Mozart
House on Ellis street, near Taylor.
Last Wednesday morning he was look
ing into the show-window of a store on
Market street when the two defendants
came up to him, one on each side of him.
They made suggestions which surprised
and shocked him, and he got away from
them as quickly as possible. He turned
into Grant, avenue and was loosing into
the window of the store next No. 21 when
the two women came up to him again.
They talked to him, and he admitted
that Mamie Barnum by her fascinating
manners exercised a powerful influence
over him. She got him into the
recess of the doorway of No. 21, and as she
bent down to take one of her cards out "bf
her stocking, where she said she kept
them, he put his hand into his pocket and
missed his purse, which contained $100 in
gold and about $4 in silver.
"I grabbed bold of her with both hands,"
he continued, "and the door of No. 21 flew
open. She went inside and I followed, still
holding her, and the door closed behind
us. For fifteen minutes I used both per
suasion and force to get her to give me
back my money. She hit me in the eye
and jabbed my hands with a long steel
instrument, which the. police told me was
used by pickpockets, but would not give
me the purse. The people in the house
came downstairs and she told them I was
crazy, and they went back again' without
paying any attention to me. At last the
purse dropped on the floor and the money
fell' out of it, and, still holding her, I
picked it up. Then the door opened and
we went out on the sidewalk."
For ten minutes he struggled with her
on the sidewalk, while a large crowd
gathered and a spirit of humiliation came
over the woman, and he thought he had
humbled her. '■', She showed him the purse
and begged him to let her go, as he had
got back all his money; but he knew he
was $20 short, and he kept his grip on her.
The Nelson girl told her to give him back
all of his money, and for that he felt grate
ful ito her. Finally two : policemen ap
peared and the Barnum woman was ar
rested.
He created a sensation by stating that
a young man who said he belonged to the
court called upon him last Thursday and
wanted him to compromise the case, but
as neither of the defendants was present
the matter was stricken out of the record.
Then he stated, how he had chased and
captured Kittie Nelson in the Baldwin
Hotel. ■■■*.
Policeman Campion testified, to arrest
ing; Mamie Barnum on : Grant avenue on
the complaint of Dunton who, said . she
had robbed him of ; $20. This closed the
case for the. prosecution and on motion
the Nelson girl was discharged from cus
tody.,
The defense will be submitted to-day.
Run Over by a Buggy.
/: J. Hannan, an old man living at the head
quarters of the Salvation Army, was crossing
Golden Gate avenue at Larkin street last
night, when he was run over by a buggy
driven by; U. Ago. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was | found that his
left shouiderbladc was broken. Ago tried to
escape, but was arrested by Policeman Ring
and charged at the City Prison with battery
and fast driving. **
ONLY FOR RICH BOXERS
Rules That May Destroy the
Sport of Fisticuffs on
This Coast.
IS THE UNION USELESS?
Walter Watson, the Olympic Club
Instructor, Gives Some Timely
Warning.
While the committee appointed by the
Pacific Coast Amateur Athletic Associa
tion is investigating certain charges that
have been preferred against members of
clubs that compose the Pacific Association
rumor says that several prominent ath
letes who have grown tired of being gov
erned by the strict laws of the Amateur
Athletic Union are now planning with a
view of organizing an association which,
if perfected, will be known as the Pacific
Coast Amateur Athletic Association, with
headquarters in this City.
In other words, the disgruntled athletes
are anxious to "break away" from the A.
A. U. and establish an association on this
coast which will be governed by rules
more suitable to the wishes of "the home"
athletes than those of the union, which
are considered too exacting.
Apropos of the present athletic disturb
ance, Walter Watson, the boxing in
structor of the Olympic Club, said:
"As a means, of Keeping the amateur
athletes within bounds of clean athletics I
think that the rules of tbe amateur union
should be strictly enforced; but I consider
them rather too exacting, however, for the
present time.
"Several years ago the sportsmen of the
old country (.England), who took much in
terest in athletic sport of all kinds, deter
mined to formulate a scheme by which
they could segregate the rich from the
poor. Amateur clubs were organized and
according to rules that were there estab
lished sons of rich men only could afford
the honor of being members. Mechanics,
clerks, etc., were ostracised. Matters pro
gressed smoothly for a time, but when
amateur boxing tournaments were intro
duced the gentlemen sportsmen did not
take very kindly to 'nose bleeds' and
'black eyes,' and as a consequence the
clubs had to admit some of the clerks and
mechanics, who did not mind an occasioual
drubbing, to membership.
"The rivalry that sprung up among the
clubs brought about a demand for fistic
talent, and this occasioned the dissolution
of some of the most prominent athletic
organizations because the aristocrats did
not desire to affiliate with the so-called
plebeian members.
"The athletic clubs subsequently became
quite cosmopolitan, and amateur boxing
contests were looked upon as the great
feature of indoor sport.
"It was during the days of the select set,
when the sons of wealthy men composed
the athletic organizations, that the ama
teur rules were framed, and, with the ex
ception of a few changes, the same laws
exist to-day. The rich young men did not
care a fig for money, of course, and such a
thing as training expenses was not
dreamed of. Why, the proposition would
be considered outrageous.
"When the hardy mechanics and other
true sportsmen who were not born with
silver spoons in their mouths became
members of the clubs first-class exhibitions
of boxing were witnessed, but a general
objection was made from the beginning to
the rules that were made solely for those
gentleman-sportsmen who did not have to
work for a living.
"The contestants in wrestling, boxing,
etc., grew tired of winning medals, and
many of the most polished boxers refused
to appear before the clubs unless they were
allowed training expenses, which, under
the rules, they could not have.
"As previously stated, good boxers and
wrestlers could not be secured from the
ranks of the 'upper ten,' and when the
mechanics and clerks who were earning
small salaries withdrew from the clubs
membership gradually dwindled, and with
the exception of those clubs that cater to
outdoor sports, such as running, walking,
etc., there remain in old England very few
of the once-famous amateur athletic organ
izations under whose colors many great
boxing tournaments were held.
"It seems to me that the same condition
of affairs is rapidly gaining a foothold in
this country. The young men who box
before the Olympic Club cannot afford to
train for a month or so at their own ex
pense just for the honor of being called
champions should they be so fortunate as
to win a $35 medal. With few exceptions
the lads who box are earning very small
salaries, and I am strongly of the oninion
that if the rules were changed so" as to
allow the boys their training expenses
there would be better sport witnessed and
a more general desire on the part of
sportsmen who fancy boxing to become
members of this grand club.
"Boxing is unquestionably the most
interesting of all indoor sports, and judg
ing from the large gatherings at club en
tertainments I think there are many mem
bers who will coincide with me in the
statement that to strengthen the member
ship the club should cater to the amateur
boxers, who are rapidly becoming dis
gusted with rules which were intended
only to govern gentlemen of means and
leisure." ■ '■
Conscience Money Paid in Stamps.
William G. Cowgill and Joseph Brammal
of Paulsboro, N. J., have each received
thirty-seven 2 cent stamps through the
mail, carefully wrapped, but with nothing
to designate who the sender was. The let
ters were mailed at the same time in New
York. Messrs. Cowjrill and Brammal were
in business together in Philadelphia about
iiifteen years ago and it is supposed they
either overpaid some one or else goods to
the amount of $1 48 were stolen and the
party has become conscience-stricken —
Philadelphia Times.
Miff to-dat:
\ 1896 >
1 COLUMBIA \
\ COLUMBIA]
} HARTFORD \
{ BICYCLES. \
*» Columbia Models, 40, 41, 42, 44, X
> $100. {
V Columbia, Model - 43, Tandems, \
. <* $150. t
\ Hartford Bicycles; $80, $60, $50 \
**• IS" Responsible Agents wanted In ■
l unoccupied territory. S
V POPE MAMFACTIRING CO., )
\ 344 Post St., S. F., Cal. \
WROTE "A GILDED GOD."
The Latest Interview With Mrs.
E. Burke Collins.
Famous Novelist Recovered From
Nervous Prostration.
Paine's Celery Compound Made Her
Vigorous and Energetic.
Dv Maurier has made Paris studios
familiar to every one. But not until the
appearance of Mrs. E. Burke Collins' story
of "A Gilded God" did novel-readers
dream of the wealth of material ready for
some gifted novelist's pen in the brilliant
artist life of our own New Orleans.
In a recent interview by a New Orleans
paper she said: "Of course, to a certain
extent my characters are drawn from life,
though never exact portraits. My favorite
heroine is Mam'selle in my story of a
•Modern Heathen.' No, I rarely urge
aspirants to take up a literary career.
Success is obtained only at the price of the
most exhausting labor."
Although Mrs. Collins' writing has
always been a labor of love, yet such inces
sant mental exertion could not fail to have
its effect on her nervous system.
At one time she found herself tired out
and weak from her uninterrupted work;
she became nervous and incapable of work;
she even saw nervous prostration staring
her in the face. The general toning up
that her system needed so badly she found
in Paine's celery compound. To-day she
is perfectly well and strong again, busy as
ever with her brain and pen, and grateful
to Paine's celery compound for the timely
help when failure and trouble and despair
seemed about to close round her and shut
her off from everything that was dear.
" Your constant brain work must tell on
your strength," observed the reporter.
" Yes; you have no idea how much. I am
at my desk for nine or ten hours a day,"
she replied, "I am careful to obey the
I laws of health, and I am never without a
supply of Paine's celery compound. Wh.n
I feel weak and nervous and there is a
heaviness in my brain or a shooting pain
over the eyes, which warns me that my
energy is flagging, I take a little of the
compound, and I am strong and free from
pain at once. I never enjoyed such buoy
ancy of spirits and soundness of body be
fore I made t_e acquaintance of Paine's
celery compound. • Scarcely a day passes
that I do not urge some friend to take it.
For neuralgia, indigestion, nervous pros
tration and blood disorders, I am con
vinced that there is nothing like Paine's
celery compound. lam not "surprised that
physicians use it in difficult cases."
Paine's celery compound is found to best
supply the great need of studious, seden
tary people. Its extensive use by brain
workers, both men and women, suffering
from sleeplessness, indigestion or other
effects of a deficient nerve force, shows its
ability to feed tired, emaciated, nervous
tissues. Nothing else has ever possessed
anything like the power of Paine's celery
compound to restore a healthy nervous
tone to the entire body, and to thoroughly
cleanse the blood. School teachers, pro
fessional men, newspaper men, ministers,
public officials, men whose daily outlay of
vitality, because of hard, trying, anxious
work, is excessive, find renewed strength,
not only of the nerves, but through their
healthy action, of the entire body, in
Paine's celery compound. Its use shortly
dispels headaches, rheumatic pains, dys
pepsia, heart trouble, general debility and
languor, and all other outward signs of
the grave mischief that comes from dis
ordered nerves and impure blood.
THE
STEARNS
WHEEL
These three words tell half the
story. The other half Is In Its un-
approached records on road and
track. The lightest, strongest,
easiest-running wheel made.
■.STEARNS
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street.
mm* HOPKINS & CO., City kgtuis.
If_f&li_ffl__*i ■Bil MOUNT
$$/§? BARNES
©IiCYCLKp)
HOOKER & CO. /mssßi^
16-/8 Drumm St, f/StaXl Ty__J^_-\l
RETAIL STORE! I MOtt^^^^pKll I
1640 Market St. I IB«jU& ]U jjffl I
B.n rt.Ddico, Cal. 1 ' V-^GC"- &»sii-2rF®/ a
_ZTj_f____Wm_,
IFggs HOUSE,
■^7*«-ail_Li___6rto-i_L, _D. o.
ra_SKKK;,„»
me _ l*V . «. DkWITT. •■■_£__
upward! 0*" P *$3 Per *** ani
* ■ .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLES 11. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT*
■■EPa&? H- ,tel R**»'de„ce I*o Kelt Vt" 7SS
phone 670. fiesitienco telephone, "fine a" tl.''THE CHURCH AND
THE REPUBLIC.
Catholicism and Eloquence
at the Metropolitan
Temple.
A HISTORICAL REVIEW.
Ex-Judge Sullivan Holds a Big
Audience for an Hour
and a Half.
CATHOLICS AS * PATRIOTS.
Deny That a Union of Church and
State Has Ever Been
Desired.
Judge J. F. Sullivan, the eloquent de
fender of Catholicism, entertained an im
mense audience at Metropolitan Temple
last night for nearly an hour and a half,
his subject being "The Church and the
Republic," and his treatment of it a
scholarly and comprehensive survey of
Romanism in its connection with liberty
and republican principles in both America
and Europe.
His discourse was one of a series of pop
prular educational lectures being given in
support, of the teachings and principles of
the Roman Catholic faith. Again and
again the speaker was interrupted by en
thusiastic applause that came from fully
bOO women and from nearly as many men.
At the close of the masterly effort pro
longed applause rumbled through the
great auditorium , only to be finally taken
up and continued by a solo by Professor
Harrison upon the big organ.
On the platform with the speakers were
Fathers Mulligan. Cullens, Connolly,
Dugan, Prendergast, Ferguson, Ramon,
Heslin, Lyons and Paul P. Hay.
During his discourse ex-Judge Sullivan
said:
Indies and Gentlemen : Between the snow
crowned summits of our Sierras and the Pa
cific sea. I have always thought that we had
garnered the most cosmopolitan and the most
liberal-minded population in the world. Our
people come from every part of the habitable
globe. When they s"tand upon the soil of
this Republic they stand redeemed, regener
ated, disenthralled, under the influence of
universal emancipation. I have thought that
upon the soil of this far Western commonwealth
there might never be developed any of the foul
growth-* that in older lands attest the spirit
of religious bigotry. From Shasta to San
Diego 1 have at times journeyed through our
great commonwealth, and have felt that the
cross tnat surmounts our houses of worship
might, at least in this state, feel that no un
kindly hand might do it violence. To me
that cross stands as a symbol that has followed
the journeying- of the sun from its far eastern
rising until It stands to-day facing the western
wave as the symbol of a world conquered to
civilization.
The American Catholic is sometimes regarded
by his fellows as especially regardful of the
duties of his religion and by reason of that
very fait is suspected as being unmindful of
the duties that he owes the State. As a native
American, lovin_ the land of my birth, i
proud of her history, believing in the under- i
lying principles of our Government and hope- I
ul of the maintenance and the perpetuation '■
of her institutions in all their integrity. I have I
at times given some thought to the question:
Is there any antagonism between the teachings
of the Catholic church and those sacred prin
ciples of human liberty upon which my coun
try's greatness has been builded up.
It may be said with truth that American
Catholics are singularly loyal in their adher
ence to the teachings and the practice of their
faith, but it may likewise be said with truth
that in so far as we observe the teachings of
our church we become better qualified for the
responsible duties of American citizenship and
more worthy of their enjoyment.
In keeping alive the religious sentiment we
feel that we render a service to our country.
In doing so we seek not to establish any dis
tinction among citizens on the score of reli
gion. We seek not to build up any line of
separation or exclusion among the fellow
citizens of a Christian commonwealth. We
are not unmindful of the sad lessons written
ia characters of blood, which the religious
controversies of other lands, yes, and of our
own land, exhibit to the eye "of the student.
No strife is so bitter, so unrelenting, so un
christian as that which is born of bigotry.
COMPOSITE CHARACTER OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Of all the countries in the world ours is the
one from which this grim-visaged specter, con
jured from a dead past, should be most sol
emnly exorcised.
The mighty streams whose confluence have
formed the vast ocean of our National exist
ence represent as many different sources as
there are nationalities on the face of the earth.
They have borne along with them as an integ
ral constituent of their volume the character
istics and religious sentiments of the lands in
■which they have had their origin. May our
country, which has amalgamated 60 many
diverse elements of nationality into a homo
geneous whole of consistent American citizen
ship, behold in the diverse elements of the
Christian community so many factors working
without antagonism for the development of a
religious sentiment throughout the Nation.
SEPARATION OF. CHURCH AND STATE. .
As Americans we may well rejoice that here
every man's religion is a voluntary offering of
the creature to the Creator, pure and free as
the vapory offering of Jake and stream and
sea, that rises in adoration to the God of day
to receive and reflect his glories and to light
his altars of the opening and the closing day.
Here we have the absolute separation of
church and state, which conduces alike to the
promotion of true religion and the perpetua
tion of sound civil government.
Of ell men. those most to be avoided
in daily life, in my judgment, are political
parsons, and those most deserving, if there be
any such, in my judgment, of the contempt of
their fellow-men, are political priests.
CATHOLICS LOYAL TO THE REPUBLIC
• This essential distinction between the civil
and ecclesiastical jurisdictions, so well under
stood by Catholics, is at times misapprehended
and the assertion is made that we render civil
allegiance to a foreign prince— the Roman
pontiff. As Catholics we recognize his juris
diction in purely ecclesiastical matters, but
the acknowledgment of that jurisdiction is in
no way inconsistent with our civil allegiance
to our country, our social duties as citizens, or
our lights as "men. ._,*:
One land only claims our allegiance as citi
zens, and that is the land of "the free heart's
hope and home," our own, our native land.
So beautiful and grand, ' •
Our own. our native land:
Ol thee we boast.
Great Empire of the West,
The dearest and the best,
Made up of all thereat,
We love the most.
Our country's flag is dear to us beyond any
human form of expression. Its folds are next
our hearts, its memories our proudest heritage,
its security our most sacred care.
To the flag we render the supremest loyalty
of our being. On our part no act of cowardice
or treachery, no lack of civic virtue shall tend
to iv degradation. We shall permit no unholy
hand to profane its folds, no impious tongue to
revile It.
We love our Californian land— land of
sunshine.fruit and flowers. We love her for her
own sake. We love her because she is fair and
comely among her sister States. But we love
her most of all because she is a sovereign State
of the great American Union. It shall be our
ambition to secure for her among her sister
States an honored standing on r account of the
intelligence, the manhood and moral wealth
of ncr people. The State whose rugged moun
tains enfold the richest treasures of the uni
; verse, whose hills and valleys teem with the
rich fruitage of grain and wine, shall also rear
such a race of rugged, honest men and fair,
virtuous women as will form a fitting comple
ment to the wealth and beauty with which
God and nature have endowed her.
THE CATHOLIC CHURCH FRIENDLY TO CIVIL
LIBERTY.
Some years ago a distinguished Frenchman,
Alexis deTocqueville, visited the United States
for the purpose of taking a philosophical sur
vey of our institutions and our people, and the'
results of his investigations were published in
» book styled -'Democracy in America." lie
devotes a chapter to the progress of Roman
Catholicism m .the United States, in the course
ot which he uses this language: "America is
the most democratic country in the world, and
it is at the same time the country in which
the Roman Catholic religion makes most prog
ress.
The fact then noted by him has been verified
by the statistics covering the intervening
period. ..♦•-'■" »■ &
The latest available figures give the Catholic
population of the United States at something
in the neighborhood of 10,000,000, and show
that the members of thai church exceed in
numbers any other denomination of Chris
tians; that there are nearly half as many
Catholics as Christians of ail denominations
combined. .>
It may be safely assumed as a fact that the
Catholic church is steadily increasing in num
bers in the United States. Is that fact really a
source of alarm to the lovers of the Republic?
As a matter of fact, is there anything in the
doctrines of the Catholic cnurch which favors
one form of government more than another?
Is there any article of faith propounded to its
followers which characterizes a monarch as
superior to an aristocracy, or the latter as bet
ter than a pure democracy? Is not the meas
ure of human conduct covered by the Catholic.
code broad enough to cover with its beneficent
embrace every form of government?
The Catholic church bestows its affection and
fostering care alike on the subjects of every
form of government.
Tne plan of the organization of the church is
based on a system of equal rights to participa
tion in ail its functions and ministrations. No
race of people is denied the privileges of its
ministry. No child of poverty is so lowly or so
untowardly circumstanced in his surroundings
as to be denied on that account any station for
which his virtues and his intellectual attain
ments may prove him qualified.
Her ministers being confined to a life of
celibacy, there can arise no hereditary caste
with exclusive privileges within her ranks.
With her "honor and fame from no con
ditions rise." The miter, the cardinal's hat and
the tiara have never been held as the prize of
birth or riches. .-. -• •"'-.* , 7/ '*'""'"",'"•■
But for the influence of the church barbarism
would have resumed sway over the whole of
Europe. But for her labors the literature of
Greece and Rome would have fadea from the
minds of men, and the glories of Rome and of
Athens would have been dispelled in like man-
EX. JUDGE SULLIVAN".
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
ncr as the glories of those cities of Asiatic
splenaor which have left only the brilliant
memory of a name.
DEVELOPMENT OF POPULAR RIGHTS UNDER MON
ARCHICAL FORMS OF GOVERNMENT.
During the gradual evolution of the various
governments of Europe the influence of the
Catholic church was predominant.*
If that influence was despotic in its ten
dency we would find the evidences of it in the
lack of restraint imposed upon the sovereign
power in the various countries. But every
where we find that monarchs were restrained
by obligations to rule consistently, with reason
and justice.
In Germany a form of limited monarchy
prevailed. The Emperors shared legislative
•authority with the Diet, composed of the
Princes of provincial states; and these in turn
had their own provincial stales, composed of
their feudal vassals and tneir mediate towns
within their territory in which they managed
their own local affairs. Taxes could not be im
posed without the consent of the states. We
find that various German cities enjoyed elec
tive privileges in the selection of municipal
officers. The Diet of Frankfort in 1344 was
made up of electors, Princes and deputies.rep
resenting cities. '.*...,
In Spain we find that in "the kingdom of
Aragon the sovereigns were • elected by the
Barons; and no King could assume sway until
he had sworn to observe the laws and liberties
of the realm.
And what do we -.find in England as to the
development of liberty during the period of
Catholic a'scendncy? We find that popular
rights had a healthy growth. The constitu
tion of England is not, like our organic charter
of liberties, laid down clearly within the
bounds of a written constitution. Its exist
ence is not reckoned from a certain date. But
there ls one event of paramount importance
in the constitutional development of British
liberty, and that is the grant of the great char
ter of liberties made by King John to his
Barons on the plains of Runnymede in the
year 1215. That charter, is the essential
groundwork on which is reared the super
structure of British civil liberty. It gave a sa
credness and inviolability to rights of property
and personal liberty.
They were Catholic barons who gathered on
the banks of the Thames to demand the recog
nition of this principle of equal distribution
of civil rights to all classes. Foremost among
those men clamoring in the cause of human
liberty stood Stephen Langton, the Catholic
Archbishop of Canterbury, and he was the first
to set his name as a witness to the charter
which was there attested.
CATHOLIC REPUBLICS. .
And during these ages, which witnessed the
curtailment of despotic power, we find that
popular forms of government took root and
nourished.
The government which without change has
stood the severest test of time was a republic
founded by a monk as early as the fourth cen
tury. Radical in its democracy, free as the
mountain air of the Appenines, in which- it
gloried, the very slightest exercise of papal
power would have been sufficient at anytime
tor centuries to dissipate the little republic of
San Marino, and yet it has flourished for fifteen ;
centuries. - ■ ' •* , *T*t"-*MilMpE^
Another republic of ■ great antiquity we find
in the heart of the Pyrenees. Granted its* in
dependence by Charlemagne, and largely
under church Influence ever since, the repub
lic of Andorra has elected its presidents and
legislative councils with the same regularity
with which we Americans indulge in similar
luxuries.
Not only on the mountain sides do we find
the development of republican- ideas. Away
down by the sunlit sea, .asking beneath the
mild Italian skies and fanned by the gentle
breezes of the Adriatic, the islanders of Venice
treasured alike their Catholicity and their lib
erty.
Thus far I have endeavored to show by facts
gathered from the varied history ot European
countries that during the time of the exclusive
ascendency of the Catholic church there was a
steady, healthy development , of popular con
trol over despotic power in monarchical coun
tries, and that in countries most immediately
in contact with the Roman Pontiff there was a
widespread and deep-rooted devotion, not only
to republican principles, but also to repub
lican forms of government.
Did the Reformation," a3 one of its conse
quences, bring about an immediate advance of
popular rights ? History says n0... In England
the reigns of Henry VIII and Elizabeth afford
instances of : the most galling despotism. The*
tyranny exercised by these monarch, under
their dual authority jj as. head . of the church
and head of the. state was none the less ab
horrent because exercised ? under popular
forms.. * - ■•-:•*■• ,*.*.* :' y-
In Germany, in Sweden, in Denmark and in
nearly every European country despotic power
was increased.
Guizot, a recognized Protestant 'authority,
asserts that the emancipation of the human
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
mind • (by the Reformation) and . absolute
monarchy triumphed simultaneously through
out Europe.
And how do we find the case after ,the lapse
of the intervening centuries? What single
Protestant republic has risen in Europe above
the ruins of Catholic despotism? lls Germany,
in the harsh grasp of her Iron Chancellor, to
be commended as a type of popular govern
ment? Strong, intellectual, perhaps the master
force in the future map-making of Europe, is
her Emperor at this day bound effectually by
that rule that regulated medieval Germany,
that taxation should be by the consent of
those taxed? " :**■
But there has arisen upon the scene of Euro
pean politics a young republic. Catholic
France, the ancient ally of the struggling
American colonists, has claimed ■ for her chil
dren that form of government which she so
largely helped to secure to us.
REPUBLICS OF THE NEW. WORLD.
But events occurring toward the close cf the
fifteenth century opened up a new world to
civilization. Isabella, the Catholic of Castile,
commissioned : the Genoese navigator to prove
his faith in the rotundity of the earth and to
open up to civilization" and Christianity the
unknown land beyond* the Western waters.
The chimera of Columbus assumed the garb
of fixed fact, and a ; new continent, boundless
in resources, lay open to the conquest of
civilization and Christianity. Hero was to be
planted upon the virgin soil of our Western
continent the seed of that well-developed
| civilization which, in Europe, had had the
j growth of centuries. Here were to be estab
lished those governmental g%rms which should
I develop into the most perfect type of civil or
j ganism. • From Alaska to Patagonia the soil
j seems to have been fertile for republican prin
i ciples. Since Brazil has transformed her lim
ited monarchy into a republic the whole of
South America, with the exception of the colo
nies of Guiana, is covered over with republics.
And the populations of these South American
republics is almost exclusively Catholic. The
same statement maybe made as to the Mex
ican and Central American republics. .>■... ;^"
CATHOLICS IN THE UNITED STATES.
Ana how have Catholics conducted them
selves during the growth of this greatest and
best republic of the world? Have they done
their full proportion of the work in laying the
foundations of the Government and rearing
the superstructure of her greatness? Have
they shown a due appreciation for the bless
ings of civil and religious liberty?. Were they
royalists or traitors in the mighty struggle
that the colonists waged for human freedom?
In the council chamber where the Declara
tion of Independence was formulated they
were to be found. P-MjWggl lll !** ' V__r* —
In the fierce conflict of the Revolution the
Catholics joined their fellow-colonists with all
their energy and all their resources for the
common cause. No Catholic traitor Is held up
to our execration during the struggle.
They shared the decks of American ships
with saucy. Jack Barry, the first commo
dore of the American navy. They stood beside
the Irishman's son, Andrew Jackson, behind
the cotton bales of New Orleans, in defense of
their country, and with him they stood within
the hallowed precincts of the Catholic church
of New Orleans when grand old Bishop Du
bourgh voiced in fitting phrase the thanks of
his country to the hero who had routed the
forces of Pakenham. And in later days they
stood with Shields in the fierce conflict of
Churubusco. and two Jesuit priests as chap
lains accompanied the Catholic soldiers in the
army of General Taylor as they went to plant
the stars and stripes above the halls of the
Montezumas. '
In the later days of the Republic, when the
grandest governmental fabric of the world's
history seemed to be trembling in the balance,
we know. that they went forth in companies, in
regiments and brigades, by thousands upon
thousands, to battle for the integrity of our
Republic and the conservation and develop
ment of our liberties.
CATHOLICS WANT NO UNION* OF CHURCH AND
STATE UPON AMERICAN SOIL.
Have Catholics ever advocated the union of
the church and state on American soil? Have
they ever» under any provocations, engaged in
a crusade of religious repression or intoler
ance? The student of history can answer these
Questions without any trouble in favor of the
Catholics. ,
The first settlers in the colony of Virginia
were Englishmen, loyal subjects to their king
and church, and the grant to Sir Walter Raleigh
contained" an express proviso that the laws
"should not be against the true Christian faith
now professed in the Church of England," and
as soon as the state of the colony admitted, it
was divided into parishes in each of which
was established a minister of the Anglican
church, endowed with a fixed salary in tobacco,
a glebe house and land with the other neces
sary appendages.
In H>.3 the colonial Legislature of Virginia
decreed that no minister should preach or
teach publicly or privately, except in con
foimity with the constitutions of the Church
of England. Puritans were banished from the
soil of the colony and civil enactments were
made against the Quakers.
New Amsterdam, afterward New York, was
settled by traders from Holland. There the
Reformed religion as set forth in the doctrine
and discipline of the Synod of Dort was main
tained by the emigrants, the colonial clergy
being approved and commissioned by the
Classis of Amsterdam.
And when this Dutch colony passed into the
hands Of the Duke of York, a Catholic Gov
ernor, Colonel Thomas Dongan, convoked the
Assembly, and the first act passed by that body
on the 30th of October, 1683, was a charter of
liberties declaring that
"No person or persons who profess faith in
God by Jesus Christ shall at any time be in any
way molested, punished, disquieted or called la
question for any difference of opinion or matter
of religious concernment.
But these liberal laws making all equal and
harmonizing with the avowed doctrines of
Protestantism did not survive i the Catholic
rule which have promulgated them.
And how was it in Maryland, the colony es
tablished by the Catholic Lord Baltimore ? •
■••-■ in answer, I will use the words of Bancroft,
the American historian. He says: "The apolo
gist of Lord Baltimore could assert that his
government, in conformity with his strict and
repeated injunctions, had never given dis
turbance to any person in Maryland for matter
of religion ; that the colonists enjoyed freedom
of conscience not less than freedom of i person
and estate, as amply as ever any people in any
place in the world. The disfranchised friends
of prelacy from : Massachusetts and the Puri
tan from Virginia were welcomed to equal lib
erty of conscience and political rights in : the
Roman Catholic province of Maryland."
Such ? liberty continued to be .' the rule in
Maryland until the : Protestants got the upper
hand and persecuted the tolerant Catholics.
And ; we find that this power' of regulating
religious I matters has been wisely handled by
the ramers of * the constitution of , every
American State. ' 'i_ iffll* H ,PBT>l*nffiliT'" | |i l ''?il(_l 1» j l '
_.* Judge Thomas M. Cooiey, author of the work
on "Constitutional Limitations," • thus speaks
on the subject of religious liberty: ' **- --■-
,-' A careful examination of . the American
constitutions will disclose the fact that nothing
is more fully set forth: or more plainly ex
pressed than the determination of their
authors to preserve and perpetuate religious
liberty and to guard against the- slightest
approach toward the establishment of an in
equality in the civil and , political rights of
citizens, which shall have for its, basis only
their differences of religious belief. 7: The
American people came to the work of framing
their fundamental laws after centuries of re
ligious oppression and persecution, sometimes
by. one party or sect and sometimes by an
other, had taught them the utter futility of ail
attempts to propagate religious opinions
by the rewards, penalties or terrors of . human
laws. They could not fail to perceive, also,
that a union of church and state, like that
which existed in England, if not. wholly im
practicable in America, was certainly opposed
to the spirit of our institutions, and that any
domineering of one sect over another was
repressing to the energies .. of the peo
ple and must necessarily tend .to "• discon
tent and disorder. Whatever, therefore, may
have been their individual sentiments upon
religious questions, or upon the propriety of
the state assuming supervision and control of
religious affairs under other, circumstances,
the general, voice has been that persons of
every religious persuasion should be made
equal before the law, and that questions of
religious belief and religious worship should
be questions between each individual man and
his maker. Of these questions human tribun
als, so long the public order is not disturbed,
are not to take cognizance, except as the in
dividual, by his voluntary action in associating
himself with a religious organization, may have
conferred upon such organization a jurisdic
tion over him in ecclesiastical matters. These
constitutions, therefore, have not established
religious toleration merely, but religious equal
ity, in that particular being far in advance,
not only of the mother country, but also of
much of the colonial legislation, which, though
more liberal than that of other civilized coun
tries, nevertheless exhibited features of dis
crimination based upon religious beliefs or
professions."
At times, during the excitement of political
campaigns, interested persons, working for the
spoils of office rather than the good of the
country, have sought to combine politics and
religion to the serious detriment of both.
This charge cannot justly be made against
the Catholics. Their priests have hot partici
pated in political conventions. They have not
prostituted their pulpits or their sacred offices
to partisan political purposes.
When the maddened mobs of leading cities
in 1834 and again in 1854 and 1855, often
goaded to frenzy by unjust denunciations of
political bigots and tricksters and have set firo
to Catholic churches and convents, the out
raged Catholics have not invoked the lex
talionis nor reciprocated in kind. No .ingle
church of any denomination has been reduced
lo ashes by a "torch in the hand of an American
Catholic. -yzyy- - : yy T-'A/pa-' —a
religion ESSENTIAL to a republic
There have been times and places when it
was thought that revealed religion was in
imical to a republic. Such was claimed when
God was dethroned and reason defied by the
Parisian mob amid a saturnalia of crime.
Such, however, is not the doctrine of sober
thought nor the doctrine that was announced
by Washington in his farewell address to the
people of the United States.
He said: "Of all the dispositions and habits
which lead to political prosperity religion and
morality are Indispensable supports. In vain
would that man claim, the tribute of patriot
ism who should labor to subvert these great
pillars of human happiness, these firmest
props of the duties of men and citizens.
: Morality is indeed essential as the main
spring of popular government."
Of what value is a republican form of gov
ernment if the highest function of popular
sovereignty, the act of suffrage, represents
merely the result of a combination of corrup
tion and power? Of what value that legis
lators are selected by popular vote if they re
spect not the moral obligation of loyalty to
their constituents and to the common weal?
Of what value that the people mime the mag
istrates who declare the law if cowardice or
corruption drag their crime in the dust?
Of what value is liberty of speech if it be
merely the implement by which the incendiary
or the assassin stirs up deeds of violence and
bloodshed? Of *hat value is liberty of the
press if it be used merely to disseminate dis
content and outbreak among those whose
honest labor might otherwise make them con
tented and happy?
Of what value is liberty at all, when, in the
absence of moral restraint, it degenerates into
the wild debauch of the anarchist, when it re
gards not the sacrednessof property or person?
If moral restraint be lacking, what power in
our free Government, without a large stand
ing army, can prevent the maddened millions
01 toilers from appropriating to their own pur
poses the repositories of wealth? What can
restrain the power of tbe populace but the
moral force which permeates its being under
the influence of religion?
As Americans, we feel that in keeping alive
a religious sentiment we are guilty of no trea
son to the state; on the contrary, we are doing
a service to the state. ■ If we conform our con
duct to the moral precepts of our creed, we
shall be better citizens of the Republic.
Let us live in kindly fellowship with our
neighbors. Let us help to develop the higher
and better standard of manhood whose abid
ing place is to be in this vast Western world of
ours.
Let us realize that Americans still yearn for
liberty— the largest liberty and the fullest jus
tice. Let us be worthy co-laborers with the
congregated millions of new races of men who
witn hearts all aglow with the sacred flame of
freedom, "witn minds broadened by the con
templation of the illimitable grandeur of the
country under our control, souls filled with
the noble resolve to make America in very
deed and truth the home of liberty, the abode
of - justice, the domain of law, the world's
great sanctuary of inalienable human rights."
SEASON OF GRAND OPERA
The Tavary Company to Open at
 . the Baldwin Next Fri
day Week.
Sale of Seats the Largest in the His
tory of Musical Events in
This City. '?
The engagement of the Tavary Opera
Company which begins at the Baldwin
Theater February 3 promises to be a bril
liant success in more ways than one. The
sale of seats began yesterday morning at 9
o'clock, though long before that time 200
or more people were impatiently waiting
in front of the Baldwin for the doors to
open. /.',
It was a fashionable set of people, too,
found scrambling for the first choice,
and they kept it up pretty much all day.
The sale of seats covers the first two weeks
of the engagement, and Business Manager
Morganstein says it is the largest ever
held in the history of musical events in
this City. The aay's sales amounted to a
little over $6500.
Last season the Tavary Company came
here practically unknown, but before
three performances had been given there
was just such a rush as was witnessed yes
terday. Wagner "nights" seemed to be
most in demand by the music-loving
and fashionable throng, though every
performance was in substantial demand.
The first night promises to be not only
all that could be looked for in the musi
cal line, but a brilliant social event as
well. A theater party .of forty music
lovers of the ultra-fashionable set will be
one of the events of the evening. Press
Representative Ralph Pincns says one of
the features of the Tavary season will be
the Wednesday * matinees at popular
prices. The repertoire for the first and
second weeks is as follows:
First Monday, "Aida" : Tuesday, "Car
men"; Wednesday matinee (at popular prices),
"Bohemian Girl"; Wednesday night, "Hugue
nots"; Thursday, ."Mignon": Friday, "Caval
leria Rusticana" and "I Pagliacei" ;> Saturday,
matinee, "Martha"; Saturday night, "Lohen
grin." - *■.*■, -.-■ ■■'.--. -*
Second, week— Monday, "Lucia" and "Caval
leriaßusticana"; Tuesday, "Mignon" ; Wednes
day matinee (at popular prices), "Martha";
Wednesday night, "Aida"; Thursday, "Car
men"; Friday, "Faust"; ' Saturday matinee,
"Trovatore" ; Saturday night, "Tannhauser."
No Chance to Brag in Heaven.
.... "Mr. Moody . has - a popular and very
telling way of ; 'hitting' .the errors so rife
in the theological thinking, of many per
sons to-day. ; Speaking, of salvation by
grace he has said : 'It is well that a man
can't . save ' himself; for if a man could
work his own waj into heaven you would
never hear the last - of it. Why, -down
here in* the world if a man happens to get
a little ahead of his fellows and sciapes a
few thousand dollars together, you'll hear
him bragging about his being a self-made
man and telling how he.began as a poor
boy and worked his way up in the world.
I've heard so much of i this sort of thing
that I'm sick and. tired of the whole busi
ness; and I'm glad: we shan't have men
bragging through all : eternity how 7 they
worked their way into heaven.' "—The
Mid-Continent.
CIVIC FEDERATION
TO AID THE MAYOR
Sutro Says That Help Will
Be Needed at the
Elections.
IS ONLY A FIGURE HEAD.
An Investigation Regarding the
Attorney of the Board
". of Health.
MORTON STREET UNDER FIRE.
A Strong Protest Filed Against the
Licensing of the Pool-Selling
Dens.
The Civic Federation discussed many
important matters at its meeting last even
ing, chief among them being the following
letter from Mayor Sutro, who says that
under present conditions he is but a figure
head, without powers except of protest:
Civic Federation, Mills Building, Gentle
men: You are aware that the Supreme Court,
by declaring ; the law unconstitutional, has
nullified the appointment of Messrs. Denman,
Foster, Wellin and Castle as Election Commis
sioners and thereby destroyed the non-partisan
management of our elections and turned them
back to the old methods. '■ /yy-/'//'
The former law, now revived, imposes upon
the Mayor, Auditor, City and County Attorney,
Tax Collector and Surveyor the duty of con
ducting an election in this City.
So far as personally concerned, all my spare
time will be given to the Election Commission.
But it is apparent that it will be impossible for
me to donate enough time to fully protect the
interests of our good people in the important
election now coming.
Therefore, permit me to suggest to your body,
distinguished for its good citizenship, liberality
and strength in numbers, to appoint a com
mittee charging it with the special duty of aid
ing the commission in the performance of its
duties, and seeing. that our coming elections
shall be honestly conducted, and, therefore, a
true record of the feelings of the voters. .
In my own opinion your body can perform
no better service in the cause of .good govern
ment than this. That we have reached a crisis
in our City administration is clearly manifest.
Under present conditions the Mayor is merely
a figurehead without power, except of pro
test. Either one of two things should be done.
Either good, honest, fearless officials should
be elected to execute our present contradict
ory and very imperfect laws, or we should
have a code of new laws under which the
Mayor would have the power to remedy
notorious wrong. Believe me, gentlemen,
that I am most anxious to co-operate with your
organization toward better government, and
will greatly appreciate any and all efforts that
you may make to assist me in my duties.
Adolph Sutro.
The sugeestion struck the meeting fa
vorably, and a committee consisting of
Stewart Menzies, Richard Lambert and
Thomas Magee was appointed to draft a
resolution on the subject, confer with the
Mayor and report at the next meeting.
The committee discussed the ordinance
recently offered in the Board of Super
visors licensing pool-selling, and passed
the following resolution against the meas
ure:y j: ;7Kz;A-/;
I Resolved, That the Civic Federation protests
against the ordinance to license pool-selling in
the City and County of San Francisco ; thai
we call on all good citizens to utter their pro
test against this proposed infamy, and spe
cially we request the religious organizations of
the City to speak publicly against it.
A resolution was also passed commend
ing the Police Department for its efforts in
attempting to close the Morton-street
dens. .- /py.ypTPA i .
The committee on legal action was in
structed to inquire whether it is true", as
has been intimated by the Attorney-
General, that there is no such office as
attorney, for the Board of Health, and if
said opinion be. correct to commence quo
warranto proceedings in the name of the
president of the association to discontinue
the salary now paid the office.
The committee was also instructed to ex
amine minutely into the assessment of
property to determine authentically to
what extent favoritism or partiality is
shown. :• .'* .*■'.- . . 4 AAAyr/Tp
Stewart Menzies suggested that it would
be well for the Civic Federation to • act in
concert with the non-partisan party
during the coming election and as a mem
ber of that party asked the meeting to
indorse his suggestion.
He also suggested that the Good Govern
ment Club and other reform organizations
should be asked to aid the non-partisan
movement. This matter will be further
discussed at the next meeting.
The following letter from the National
Municipal League was received and placed
on file:* ' ./ ' '
Dear Sir: Permit me to request your society,
or its governing body, to consider the advisa
bility of affiliation with the National Municipal
League. This measure would give us the bene
fit of your counsel in our work and the recom
mendation to public confidence implied in
your indorsement of our aims and methods ; it
would not involve any pecuniary responsibil
ity on your part or in any wise control or ham
per you in , the advancement of the ends of
your organization, according to whatever
policy you deem best suited to attain them. - ;
I Inclose a copy of the constitution and by
laws of the league and a paper briefly setting
forth the reasons for its formation; and, in the
hope of being favored with ■as prompt a reply
as circumstances and your convenience may
permit, I remain, yours very respectfully and
truly, ■ : * Clinton ers woodruff,
Secretary National Municipal League. ■
THE CONCRETE WAS POOR
Board of Education Is Investi
• gating the Bulging -
7 -School Wall.
The Contractors Will Not • Get Their
Money for the Job Until It Is ■_;
Well Done.
The bulging sustaining wall at the North
Cosmopolitan school, which has become so
insecure as to threaten to fall and jeopard
ize the lives of the pupils of the institu
tion, was the subject ; of . considerable dis
cussion at the* meeting of the -Buildings
and Grounds Committee of the Board of
Education yesterday.
i The representatives of '• M. Brennan &
Son, the contractors, 7 were present, and
were asked 7 many pointed questions 7 re
garding . the construction of 7 the will,
whether it was put up according to speci
fications and whether the \ materials * used
were those called for by the plans. T:
A. The contractors ■ frankly ■ 'admitted f that
the wall is insecure.-and that it might fall
if the earth back of it should exert much
more pressure, 1 out denied y. that they are
responsible for the condition of the struct
ure. They claimed that the wall was con
structed according to the plans; and that
the architect that drew them is the one to
whom tbe board should look for redress.
They admitted, however, that ; the -work
and expense of i rebuilding ;* the .wall .de
volves upon them, and agreed to do the
job. , * •; ;_."' . ' -7* • •" ■ , ',;
.The committee was far from being satis
fied with the state of affairs,' however, and
spent some time in examining samples of
concrete that had been taken from the
wall. These were considered by some to
show that . the materials used were of a
very inferior quality. The opinion' was
expressed that had ; the concrete been of
•good quality and the earth back of the
wall properly tamped the trouble would
not have occurred. •
V No action was taken in the matter, how
ever, and it was decided to hold another
meeting this _ afternoon and formulate
some kind of a report to the board, which
meets to-night, it is probable that the
architect will be called upon to explain
about the plans and that new plans will
be drawn before the wall is rebuilt.
Secretary Beanston. of the board said
yesterday that the members knew that
the wall was not all right, and that the
contractors' pay had been withheld on that
account.
* ; "The board will lose .nothing," he said,
'because the money that was to have been
paid 13 still in our hands. If the contractor
decides that he is not going to rebuild the
wall, all well and good; the board will go
ahead and do it itself, using the funds
originally intended for the job.
"If he does rebuild it he will be paid all
right after the board is convinced that the
work is well done and the wall shows that
it will be permanent. The board is glad
that the wall bulged before the money was
paid,' that is, if it was going to bulge at all,
as otherwise it would have been difficult
to recover from the contractor."
Jere Eynch's Borrow.
I It was in July, 1895, that Jeremiah Lynch,
well known to local fame, found himself in
need of money, and, according to a complaint
filed in the County Clerk's office yesterday, he
employed S. D. Hovey to get it for him. Hovey
got it evidently and now he is suing Lynch
for l£4oo, which he claims is a just commission
for the service he performed ior the Senator's
pocket-book. . The amount of the loan so suc
cessfully negotiated is not mentioned.
Into New Quarters.
,The Butchers' Board of Trade has completed
the fitting up of headquarters in the Pheian
building, where it will now occupy a suite of
rooms. The officers will enter their commo
dious quarters to-day. Heretofore the organi
zation has had no offices. Martin Gilbert, the
assistant secretary, will be in charge.
DR. BROWN'S INTEGRITY.
Officers and Trustees Express
Confidence in Their Pas
, tor.
Reports of the Board of Inquiry
and Trustees to Be Submitted
This Evening.
The officers of his church gave expres
sion to a tentative belief in Dr. Brown's
integrity last evening. "We will not
credit vague and damaging insinuations
until they are proven before a competent
tribunal,'' they said. A competent tribu
nal they construe to be either an eccle
siastical or legal body in which is vested
the power to judicially establish the inno
cence or guilt of the much-accused pastor.
The officers and trustees met last even
ing pursuant to a call for a "general con
sultation." This call was issued several
days ago, its immediate purpose being to
consider the finances of the church, which.
during its trouble, have been in anything
but a satisfactory state. Wealthy mem
bers of the board of trustees have
refused to make up the deficit
caused by the numerous withdrawals of
subscriptions since the Brown-Davidson
case has been a matter of public comment.
These pillars of the church had more than
once made good such deficits, common
enough during the dissensions that have
agitated the First Congregational Church
since the opening of the Herron contro
versy. But the wellspriug of generosity
has been checked of late, and it be
came necessary to discuss the situ
ation. No matter what the fate
of the pastor whose latter days of
ministry were so turbulent, it was essen
tial that the church avoid shipwreck if its
pilot did go down. There were rumors
that the choir's salary was in arrears and
that tnere were other embarrassing debts.
The primary object of the meeting,
therefore, was to consider the financial sit
uation. John F. Merrill read a statement
showing that the cnurch was in arrears
$1200. The discussion of this phase of the
difficulties of the storm-tossed church was
indefinitely . postponed for there was
an interruption in the form of
a visit from Dr. Brown. It was a brief vet
effective visit. When Dr. Brown came
from the study and wended his way toward
Geary street it was with a triumphant air.
For the present in the eyes of a few at
least he was vindicated. '
' It was not long before the officers fol
lowed their leader and the study or office,
which had been the scene of so amicable
an arrangement, was in darkness. The
session," like all that preceded it, was of
the star-chamber order. The first of the
trustees who made his exit referred the
waiting reporters to the secretary.
Deacon J. Howard Barnard to the scribe
of the occasion surrendered the following:
At the meeting of the officers of the claurch
and the trustees of the First Congregational
Society held January 28, 1896, the -followim
preamble and resolution were unanimously
adopted: .
Whereas, Certain intimations of immoral
conduct have been made against C. O. Brown,
i D.D., by irresponsible persons and without
any proof as to their credibility; now be it
Resolved, That this body expresses full and
entire confidence in Rev. C. O. Brown's integ
rity and good moral character, and will not
credit vague and damaging insinuations until
they are proved before a competent triDuual.
But few were absent, hence the resolu
tions may be regarded as an expression of
the sentiment of those in authority.
There were present at the meeting
Trustees Henry L. Dodge, W. F. Whittier
John F. Merrill, W. J. Dalton, Edward
Coleman, G. A. Frank, and Deacons D
Gilbert Dexter, J. .7. Vasconcellos, T. H.
Hatch, A. J. Dewing, J. H. Barnard,
George A.; Westgage and W. Christiansen.
No action was taken concerning Dr.
Brown officiating as pastor during the in
terim between this ••suspension of judg
ment" and the trial of Mrs. Davidson.
Tne matter may. come up for discussion
this evening at prayer-meeting, when the
report of the committee on inquiry and
that of the officers and trustees will be
submitted.
NEW TO-DAY. 7\
§ DON'T
$tsf BE
J^jjL ROBBED.
Everybody knows that from 50 to 75
per cent commission is being paid for
physicians' prescriptions. We have
been fighting this contemptible rob-
bery for five years. T Don't be robbed
any longer. - Bring your prescriptions
to us and we will save you from 50 to
75 per cent on the price. .
We guarantee our. Drugs the purest
and best; References : All the whole-
sale dealers. _____
OUR -PRICES ON EVERYTHING
ALWAYS THE . LOWEST.
Hot-Water Bottles, 2 quarts. $0 45
Paine's Celery C0mp0und...;... ...'.. . .. ti y
Ayer's, Parson's and Hood's Sarsaparilla 65
Ayer's, Beecham's, Hood's and Carter's Pills 15
Swift's Specific ....■................:.-...*. 75
, Specific A No. 1.. ......... ..:.;.:;...::....;.- 2 50
Big G and lvi. 8r0u......"...... ...... .;...... 65
Electric Belts v...: .".....from $5 to $25 CO
Tru55e5...............::.. ....:.from "SI 50 to &00
Elastic 5t0cking5.:.:::......;........-........; 260
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries. ...from $5 to 7 25 00
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
j ;BS3IVIarI-.et Street, .
I . '. South side, bet, Fifth and Sixth. '
NEW TO-DAT.
iTfj NOLAN BROS.
1 % I SHOE' CO.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK
OF OUR
GrIIEAT -
CLEARANCE SALE
We have putthe balance of our
SALE STOCK
ON
BARGAIN TABLES
Sad Will Close Them Out at About •
25c ON THE DOLLAR.
LOTS OF SHOES
THAT COST $4, $5 MD $6 PER PAIR
WILL BE CLOSED OUT
AT $1 AND $1.50 PER PAIR.
OUT. OWN MAKE- Ladles' extra quality fine
Paris Kid; button, cloth or kid tops, pointed
and narrow, square toes, diamond patent-
leather tips. At $1 75 per pair
OUR OWN MAKE-Ladies' extra quality
French Kid Button, seamless foxed, kid or i
cloth tops, satia finished, pointed or narrow
square toes, diamond patent-leather tips,
flexible soles At 1 2 60 per pair
OUR LSFE-SAVi.NB SHOES
Are all the rage. Every lady should
have a pair for winter wear. •
Made in all the latest styles, prices $3 and $4
per pair.
We will also close out 600 pairs of Ladies' Finn
Kid Button, pointed and square toes, patent-leather
tips, at $1 _*> per pair, which is less than cost.
LADIES' SPRING-HEEL SHOES.
We will close out 500 pairs of Ladies' Fine Paris
Kid Button, square toes and patent-leather tips,
spring heels, at $1 '25 per pair. Widths A, B, C, D,
£* and EE.
We will also close ' out full lines of Ladies'
FRENCH KID OXFORDS and soil
_____!. TIES, all sizes, all widths
At $1 50 per pair
Regular price §2 50 per pair. -.. .. - .
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES'
Fine Paris Kid Button, kid or cloth tops, square
toes, patent-leather tips, spring heels.
Sizes 5 to 8 90c
Sizes 81 ■'_ to 11 $100
Sizes 11 Vi to -2 $1 25
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES'
Heavy Pebble Goat Button, solid double soles,
standard screwed, cannot rip, sole-leather
tips. ■■•'-/ ■'■'
: * Sizes 5 to 71^..... OOn
Sizes 8 to 10% $100
Sizes 1 1 to 2 $125
INFANTS' SHOES. 77 • ■
Infants' French Kid Button, sizes 1 to 5V_
- — . 50c per pair
THIS BEING STORMY WEATHER and
MEN'S HEAVY SHOES being in demand, we will
close out all our 5 " ■;.- r ■
MEN'S, BOYS' AND YOUTHS'
Heavy and Double Sole Shoes at an enormously low
price.
Send us your address nnd we will send you a
souvenir and catalogue, showing all the latest style
shoes and prices.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
DON'T BE MISLED BY MIS-
I LEADING SIGNS.
Mail orders will receive prompt at-
tention. . "
NOLAN BROS,
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHEEAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5597.
#"^ .^4_K___f?v 0„
\J Sy
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIO
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, s:om-
ach. liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness, failing memory and ail the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anl permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be given you free o" charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oflice),
. San Francisco, Cal. .
DR.WOMWOO _^^
Chinese Drugs *._«? l *^»s_^§_l
and Tea and Herb aw?
Sanitarium, War ■ "*vs
776 CLAY STKEET, BL .£_> ■?■
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, ESS*! »i? f»?
Han Francisco. ft*""/ *?£* /ft
I was very sick for two m / 4 fff
years. I was suffering K_9_mA_ ' il- 
from Inflammation or* th- fe* tSStL v pJ j
lungs and of the liver. If \Sw__A J *_
have consulted other doc- gi. Xzp*"? AA
tors and could not explain _*i__\u_ _^_WVjfe3
my sickness. Being in ■S_B__PK'^T h<K|
San Francisco I heard 01 ____Wa^is%'-'J' : Jr <',
the Chinese doctor. Mr. H|H^^oKM>_p
Wong Woo and called on wN&&__W_ZBfW7wL%/pr
him for 34 days and was cured. lam enjovini the
best of heaLh. Respectfully yours, C'AROLI
CARLO. 525 Green st., S. F. 17th Dec, 1895. . .
Office hours: 9:30 to 11 a. m. ; 1 to 3, 7to9p. m.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington $10 00 ....
Southfield 9 50 ....
Genuine Coos Bay.. 7 00— Half ton 359
Seattle... 00— Halt toa -00
Bryant .....;..*...... 00— Half ton 400
Telephone— Black— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
525" Howard Street, Near First.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. '.'7
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON " STS.-R-***.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & _ ).
European plan. I Rooms 50c to $1 50 per day, $j
to $8 per week, $8 to $30 per month; tree baths:
hot and cold water every room; tire grates in .xttf
1 wax; elevator runs aUnignt
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET,.
Silver higher/ -••;',
Shipment of $258,228 to China.
Foreign Financial Quotations higher.
Wheat Futures declined.
Barley and Oats dull.
Corn and Rye firmly held.
No change in Flour.
Bran in liberal supply.
Hay weak add quiet.
Beans and Seeds very dull. T,'*-.-*"*
Potatoes and Onions weaker.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs weak.
Young Poultry advancing.
Game steady.
Oranges declining.
Dried Fruits and Raisins slow.
Provisions dull.
Hides and Leather quiet.
Grain Bags inactive-
Coffee steady.
Hops stagnant.
Wool unchanged.
■WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
' United Statks Departmest of Agricci<
ri-RK. Wkathkb Bubkau, San Francisco, Jan
uary 28, 1896, 5 p. Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
M compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 23.37, last season 28.73: Red Bluff
13.67, last season 22.27: San Francisco 12.89, last
season 19.66; Fresno 4.09, last season 9.62; San
Luis Obispo 12.25. last season 20.64: Los Angeles
5.91, last season 11.22; San Diego 2.80, last season
8.64: Yuma .S3, last season 2. 99.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 55,
tAnlmum so. mean 62.
Rainfall for the past 24 hours .15 Inches.
The storm which was central off the coast of
Washington last night has appak-ntly moved in
land, but with diminished energY The map to
night shows no wen-marked high or low era. The
conditions are probably those of clearing: weather
along the Pacific slope and showery weather In the
mountains and east. Rain has fallen over Wash
ington, Oregon and Northern Nevada and in very
light quantities through California. Very light
rain has also fallen in Arizona. 'I his is the first
rain at Vuraa since the Ist of November, 1895.
The pressure appears to be rising slightly along
the coast. The temperature has remained station
ary over the entire country west of the Kock
Mountains. The river at Folsom Is 12 feet, at
< olusa 26:2, at Marysville 15:8 (falling), at Red
.Bluff 20 (falling), a: Oroville 11:9 (falling) and a
Sacramento 26:3 (rising). Tin- probabilities are
that the rivers will begin to tail within the next
twelve hour* and that even at Sacramento the
crest has been nearly reached. The total rainfall
for this storm at San Francisco is 2.73 Inches.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hour
ending midnight January 29, 1896:
Northern California— Generally fair; light south
crn- winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and light showers
to-night and early Wednesday morning; light
westerly winds."
Nevada— Showers.
Utah— Rain, s
Arizona— Ram. '
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair; light
westerly winds. '
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK HARKLTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— Stocks were less
active to-day, the sales amounting to 193,200
shares. The course of prices was irregular, but at
the end of the day the leading issues as a rule
were from Vi to 3V« per cent higher than at the
close yesterday. Ths irregularity was due to
profit-irking and selling by professional operators
who were disposed to work for a reaction. London
■was a seller of St. Paul and Louisville and Nash
ville, but foreign houses were given up as buy,
of Reading. When it was demonstrated that but
little long stock could be forced out, the profes
sional traders once more took the bull side of the
market, and in the late trading prices moved up
steadily.
At this time the news and developments were of
an encouraging character. Posted rates Of sterling
exchange were reduced i/ 2 , the Kansas Pacific
bondholders Indorsed the Union Pacific reor
ganization plan and rumor bad it that the sub-corn
mitteee of presidents recently appointed to settle
the question of percentages in the matter of
anthracite coal production had reached a settle
ment. This with easy money aud more liberal
offerings of funds by foreign houses all contributed
to a more confident condition to the future of stock
prices.
Reading was helped by its good showing of earn
ings for December and buying by brokers said to
be identified with Morgan interests. The real
feature of the late trading was sugar, which ad
vanced to 1061 Yes day's short sellers on
the report that the Reichstag would pass a bill in
creasing the bounty on beet, sugar have been
eager buyers, the rumors having failed to mate
rialize. Speculation closed strong. Net changes
show gains of Vi@V2 Per cent on the day. Con
solidated Gas, however, gained 3 per cent.
Bonds were strong. Sales were 951,000.
Atcnison adjustment fours rose I*4 to 46%; Ches
apeake and Ohio general fours, 1 to 107; Kansas
Pacific consol sixes, 2-"* to 73« + : Missouri. Kansas
and Eastern Jives. 1% to 89%; Ohio Southern
firsts, 2 to 90: Reading first preferences, 1 to 32%;
do seconds, IV* to 19V4; do thirds, l%to 16%; St.
Louis Southwestern seconds, 2 to 89, "ana Toledo,
Peoria and Western fours. y 2 to 77.
In Government bonds $1000 coupon fours of
ISO 7 brought 109 V»: $6500 do registered, 108Va@
109, and $25,000 coupon fours of 1925, 1151/4. "
tirain.
FLOUR— Quiet: firm. Winter wheat, low
grades, *2 3U(a>2 80; do fair to fancy. $2 80«s3 50:
do patents, (3 70@4: Minnesota clear. $2 60@
3 25; do straights. $3(0.3 70; do patents, $3 20(<L
4 20: low extras. $2 30@2 80; City Mills, S4@4 10
(£4 20; do patents. i*4 2 5 t0) 4 60. Rye mixture,
52 40@3 20; superfine. $2 10<a2 65; fine. $2@2 40.
Southern flour— firm: common to fair extra,
*2 30©2 90; good to choice do, $3^3 20. Rye
flour— Quiet, steady, $2 40@2 85. Buckwheat
flour, $ 125.
BUCKWHEAT— elevator; 41c delivered.
CORNMEAI Quiet: yellow Western, *2 25@
2 SO: Brandy wine. $2 55.
RYE— Nominal. No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 3"c.
BARLEY— Nominal.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT— DuII, easier. No. 2 red. store and ele
vator, 75V2C: afloat, 77c; f. o. b., 76@77i£c;
ungraded red, 68@79c: No. 1 northern. 73* ..c.
Options were Lass active, steady at %@"lc de
cline on easier cables,' foreign selling, weak West
and local realizing*. May and July most active.
No. 2 red, January. 7OV2C; March 72i£c; May,
70»/»c; June and July, 70c.
CORN— Spot dull, easier: No. 2, 36c elevator;
87c afloat.
Options dull ana steady at ; s c decline without
special features. May most, active; • January,
J)6 1 '*c: February and May, 36c; July 371,4 c.
OATS— Spot dull, weaker. Options dull, easier.
January, 2455 c: February, 24i,4c;- May, 2&VgC
Spot prices: No. 2, 24%@25c; No. 2 white, 26@
26Vic; No. 2 Chicago. 2a%@26c: No. 3. 23%@
24c: No. 3 white. 251,4 c: mixed Western, 25@'Jbc;
white do 26@28c; white State," 26@28c.
FEED BHAN-60@62%c
M 1 LING S— 6 Sfa.7oc.
P.YE FEED-65(g,70c
■ Provisions.
BEEF— Unchanged; family, $10 50@ll. B»ef
hams, inactive, $15 50. Tierced beef, quiet; city
extra India mers. $15 50@17: cut meats, strong;
pickled bellies, 12 lbs, 2 c; do shoulders, 6c; do
haras, BV2®9c.
LARD-Quiet : nominal: Western steam. $6/5,6 05;
City, f 5 50@5 55; January. $6 05; refined, dull;
Continent, *6 40: South America, $6 65; com
pound. $4 75@5.
• PORK— DuII; mess, $10 75@11. .
BUTTER— Fancr, steady.' t ir demand; State
dairy, 10@19c; do creamery, 14@19c: Western,
creamery. 16@21c; do June. I4@i9c; do factory,
9@lsc: Kleins, 21c; imitation creamery, 13@17c;
rolls. 9fal4c. .
CHEESE— FairIy active; firm. State, large. 714
©10c; do fancy, 10@14c; do small, 7%@10c; part
Bklros. 3V 4 @7c. 1 /*«f . 1
— liower; liberal supply; State and Penn
sylvania. 10VMtt?VsC: Southern, 15i/~@l6c; ice
house, l'.i^&li^c: per case, $2 60@3 50; West
ern, fresh. lti@lbV 2 c; limed. 14c.
1 ALLOW -Quiet, firm; City. 313-16@31%c;
country, 41 «C. -
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, barely steady • Crude.
24ViC: yellow, prime. 2Hn,c: do on' grades. 27 Vic
KKSIN— DuII: common to pood, ill 60'al 65.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady; 30V2@31c.
POTATOES— Quiet, about steady : Sweets, $3, / a4.
RICE— Kalr demand; domestic, fair to extra,
S@s3ic; Japan, 3%@4c.
MOLAS-sfcS— Firm, fairly active; New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Steady. 10@25 points down: Febru
ary, $12 55@12 60: March, 12 35@12 60: May,
$11 75@J190; Jane. $11 60@U 70; July, $11 45®
1165. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7. 13* i/ 2 c. ■
SUGAR— Raw. firmer, quiet; fair refining, 3V>c:
centrifugals, 96 test, 3v K c. Refined, firm, quiet;
No. 6, « 1516 c; No. 7.4 716 c; No. 8. 41/4 C; No. 9
4 3-16: No. 10, 41 c; No. 11, 4c . No. 12, 3 3 1 6.-
No. 13, .<%c: off a, 4i.j@4.Vk< : mold A. 5 3-16 c;
standard A, 4 15-16 C; confectioners' A, 4 13-16c
cut loaf, 5 916 c; crushed, 5 9-16 C: powdered,
6 3-16 c: granulated, 4 15-16 c; cubes, 6 316 c.
.Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS- Apricots, bags, 9s i( a
PEACHES— peeieri. 14c: dounpeelea, 4i/ 2 0 gi Lc
PRUNES— Four sizes, .M 4 z»°/s^~
RAISINS — 1 oose Musca-el 3-crown. 3i/i@3i^c
do 4-crown. 4i£@sc: London layers, 85(a,f15c ;
do Clusters. $1 25®l 40. a " )aCI
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, ll@12c; do soft-shell
WALNUTS— standard, 6i/ B @7c; ao soft-shell,
BVfc#loc.
HOPS— Steady. State common to choice 3
@9c; Pacific Coast, 3 V ©9c. London market un
changed. . < . - . . . ■ •
WOOIj— Fairly active. Firm. Domestic fleece
16@22c; pulled, 16@34c; Texas, 9@l3c. = ■.■?..
' Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet; American, $11 75<ai3 50
COPPEH— rirm; Lake, $9 97i/,@lo
LEAD— Firm: domestic, $3 05.
TIN — Firm: btraits, $13 20@13 30; plates, mod
erately active.
BKELTEK— NominaI; domestic, «4.
'. CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 28.— An effort to boom
wheat prices on the ; world's . shipments being
1,000,000 bushels less than estimated was made
at the opening this morning, but it speedily proved
a failure. There were too many holders willing to
sell, the first half hour's trading . resulting in half a
cent decline from the opening quotations, further
losses taking place later. Holders of puts and a
few scalpers who sold early bought enough later to
rally the market, Receipts In the Northwest were
good, amounting to 406 cars against 342 last Tues
day aud 173 a year ago. Chicago received 125
cars, and shipped out 116,746 bushels, i Liverpool
■ cables were quiet and easy at %d decline. Brad
street's report of a decrease of but 32,000 bushels
in the world's available supply was the signal for
general selling, the lowest quotations of the session
being established. Export clearances were fair at
340,90** bushels. Closing Continental cables were
unchanged to lower. May wheat opened at 646/ c,
sold between 64" (564**4c and 63%@653/ B e, clos
ing at 63% c, %<' under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts tor to-morrow 50 cars.
CORN— Weakened and declined at the opening.
The loss of strength in wheat and large receipts,
416 cars, were potent factors. Inspections from
ore were large, amounting to 326,950 bushels.
Liverpool cables quoted %d decline at that place.
Bradstreet's reported an increase in available sup
plies of 3,269,000 bushels, which added to the
weakness when announced. May corn opened at
30% c. declined to 29J4C closing at 2934@29%c,
V4c under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 250 cars.
OATS— Opened steady, but very shortly took the
direction of everything else. Receipts were 338
cars. There were no withdrawals from store.
Bradstreet's reported a decrease in stocks of 24,000
bushels. May oats closed %® s / 8 c lower than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 160
cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 93@93>i4c: May,
96*40. ' Receipts 32 cars.
PRO VISIONS— The hog market was weak des
pite light receipts this morning, and that condi
tion was communicated to product. The effector
a declining wheat market was also adverse. The
trade was not broad, and fluctuations were rather
slow. May pork closed 12% c lower; May lard 10c
lower, and May ribs 7i.2(_*loc lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, ' 61c: May, 63*/ ac: July,
64 %c.
January, 27*/2_*-75_c; May, 29 %@
29 %c: July, 303,4 c.
January. 18% c; May, 20«i@205/ 8 c;
July, 21c.
PORK— January, $10 37%: May, $10 70.
LARD— January, $5 72%: May, $5 95: July,
$6 07%.
IllK^-January, $5 15; May, $5 40; July,
to 521,2.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6@7
per cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
60c premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. 28— The
offerings of cattle to-day were very small, but the
demand was also Tight and prices held about
steady. The receipts of nogs were extremely light,
but all classes of buyers held hack and prices de- i
dined s@loc. The sheep market was quiet and
steady. ■• .
CATTLE — Receipts, 2000. Fancy beeves.
$1 70.;: 4 80; choice to Drime 1303 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 30@4 65:' fair to choice steers, 1200 to
1500 rounds. $3 90@4 25; common to medium
steers, 950 to 1250 pounds, $3 35(*ai3 85; stockers.
600 to 900 pounds, $2 75@3 36: bulls, choice to
extra, $3(a3 50; calves, common to good. $2 35®
4 75. yy:
HOGS— Receipts. 16.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $4 2u@4 46;. common to choice
mixed, $4 10@4 45: choice assorted, $4 30(_>
4 40: light. $4 10@4 45 : Digs. $3 40(g»4 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 40@3 75; lambs, $3 40@5.
SEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
TT *',7. Shares.
Money on call easy at 3@4"i'; last loan at 4%
and closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 673/ B e. Mexican dol
lars, s>,s g c. Sterling exchange 13 weak, with j
urinal h_»-_ess In canters' bills at $4 87@4 87%
for sixty days and $1 88@4 88 1 , for demand. ]
Posted rat**, $4 87V_@* 89. Commercial bills, j
84 86V_ft-4 87. Government bonds lower: "state
bonds duf. ; rauroad bonds firm. Silver at the board 1
was strong. i* /'.Ax *
CXOSISn STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 95 Norfolk <fc Wes".... 2
Atchi50n............ l5"-,i' Preferred, 7 3 /4
Preferred 23 y_ North American... 61/4 !
Adams t-xpress. ..14-i Northern Pacific. 3Vs )
Alton, Terre Haute. 57 Preferred 1 2V/ 8 \
American Express.lll Nonnwestern 993, 4
American Tobacco. 77 Preferred 144*< 4
Preferred 101 N.Y. Central !'7i a 1
Bay State Gas 20 N. Y. Chicago**". L 14
Baltimore & Ohio.. i'3V_ Ist preferred 79V_
Brunswick Lands.. */» 2d preferred 29V*
Buffalo, Roch <fc P. 1- N. Y. «fc N. 11... ....181
Canada Pacific... 551,4 N. Y. & New Eng. 60
Canada Southern.. 49 N. Y. Susq <fc W... 10%
Canton Land 60 % Preferred -9 "-8
Central Pacific 15 Ontario 10
Ches. <& Ohio 15% Ontario & Western. 14%
Chicago Alton 1*»8 (Oregon Improving '* ] _
Preierrea 170 | Preferred.... —
Chicago, B. <fc Q. ... 77* _ Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago &E. 111... 43 .Oregon Short Line. 6V2
Preferred 96 Pacific Man 2634
Cbicagouas 65" Peoria. D.&. Evans. 3
Cleve <$ Pittsburg. 158 Pittsburg & W pfd. 20
Consolidation Coal. 30 Pullman Palace.. .lo3
Consolidated Ga5.. 154 Quicksilver l 1 I
C. C. C. & St. Louis. 35 3 ,i; Preferred.. P1..... 15 V 2
Preferred 65 iReaaing.'... ........ l&Vt
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 27% RioGrandedt Westn 14
Preferred ...100 i Preferred 39
Cotton Oil Cert 18V_'Rock Island 683*}
Commercial Cable. 155 Home Wat Jt Ogden 11 6
Del. Hudson 128V_ St. L. <t S. W 5*4
l>el.Lack&WesternlH2Vi Preferred. 11
Denver <s- R. O- 2 Paul... 72
Preferred. ib 1 * Preferred 1263/*
Distillers 16V_ St. Paul & Duluth. 22
General Electric... 27 1 Preferred 85
Erie 15% St. Paul <fe Omaha. 36%
Preferred s*J*i_ Preferred 121
Fort Wayne 158 (St. P. M. <fe M 109
GreatNorthernpfa.llo Silver Certincat.... 67';
Green 8ay... ....... % Southern Pacific... 20
Harlem 280 Soutnern U. R...„ 9%
Hocking Coal -Vi 1 Preferred..... 28V 8
Hocking Valley... IBV4 Sugar Refinery. 8
Homestake 29 i Preferred 98 1 _
H. A Texas CenU. IV% Term. Coal & Iron. 2_;*g
Illinois Central.... 96i 8 ' Preferred 100
lowa Central. 8' 4 Texas Pacific BVs
Preferred 30VilTol.A.A.<fcN.Mi_!_,
Kansas <& Texas... 1 1 1 ? loi. <fc Ohio Cen.... 31
•Preferred 26i/ 8 l Preferred 65
Kingston & Pern... 3 \_ ol.St. Louis & K.O. 8
Lake Erie A Westn '-'--'i Preferred 14
• Preferred 72% Union Pacific 6%
La_;e Shore 1431 U. P.. Den. & Gult *3*>i
National Lead-.... 251 4 iI".S. Cordage....... 6%
Preferred.... , SSi/i' Preferred 10'
Long Islam 82 Guaranteed 21%
Louisville & Nash. 4614 C. S. Express 381...
Louisville 9V_IU. S. Leather 9%
Preferred 20 ; Preferred. 637/ 8
Manhattan Consol. 104 % L*. S. Rubber 271/2 '
Memphis & Charts. 16 i Preferred... 84
Mexican Central... 9vJut!ca<fc B. River..
Michigan Central.. 94 "i Vftsh. S. L «fc Pac.. 7
limn&s.j. — I Preferred 16 3 , i '
Preferred....;....— IWells-Fargo.. 95
Minn. <fc St. L com. 19 (Western Union 84S/ g
- Ist preferred 73% Wis Centra, 2%
2d preferred 43% Wheeling <_; I_ X.. 11%
Misstiurl Pacific... 25** v Preferred.. 35%
Mobile & Ohio 23' _ Am Cotton OU pfd. Vi
Nashville Chatt.... 66 |W U Beef 7 r .-,
National Linseed.. 18% L I Traction* 20%
_*. J. Central 1033/ 4 Ann Arbor ..... 9%
C3_>riKa BnviM. ' ■_-:;.
US 4s. Reg 107%_iKT2ds 60s/_
Do, 4s coupon. ..loßl l Do.4s. 83%
I - S 48 new teg 113 "Mutual Union 65.. .116
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..114 N J Cent Gen ss. ..114
Uo. 2s 96 [Northern Pac lstalUU,
Do, Cs 11l Do, 2ds 101
Do. 6s c0up0n... .11'.% Do, Bds 85
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Northwest Consols.l4l
Do, 1897.... 100 Do.deb 5.« 10«*_
Do. 1898 100 OR AN lsts.... 103
iJo. 1899 ..HO !SiL«tironMtOenss 795/.
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... |St L & SFGen 65.102
D. 3-6 6s. 110 St Paul Consols ...133
Ala Class A 4.......10S St. P. c. <fc Pa lsts.ll3
Do. Class 84, ss. 1 09 ' Do. Pac Cal sis.. 108
La C0n501 45........ 97% Southern R. R. 63. 91
Missouri funding Texas Pacific firsts 86 *
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pac seconds. '20Vj.
•Do, 4s 102 UnlonPaclstof'96.lo2
So Carolina 4%5... 10 7 West Shore 4s. 105 l
new as; • >7/2 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt... 60V_ U GrandeWest lsts 75 V,
P<». Reg Ches &O .109
Do, deferred 65... 5i /2 Atchison 4s 74fi/«
Do. trust rcpts st 6 Do. 2ds A --.v.
Canada South 2ds.. 1048/4 H& S A 61.. 0*»
Cen Pac lsts of '9s 100% Do, 2d 7s. . . 100
Den A G 15t.... .112 1 H & Tex Cent'oi! . 1 08
m*_^°'-,i a " •— 89 I Do.con6s 104
srle2ds5 rle2ds • 73 Readlng4s 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 71 j Missouri Oa ; 100 "
Ks Pa lsts Den div!o7 |
FOREIGN MARKETS.
"WHEAT IN" "OrVERPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, End., Jan. 28.— 'rhe spot market
is lower at 5s B%d. Cargoes are easier at 28s 6d
arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 6s 7' id: February, 5s 7%d; March, 5s 73,_d •
April, 5a7.'«4d; May, 5s 7%d. m
•V., IK IT IKS.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 28.— Consols, 307 13-16;
Silver, 30 13-16 d; French Rentes, 1021 30c.
EXCHANGE AJJI) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight .-....— 4 89
sterling Cables .... ....;... — 489%
New York Exchange, sight — ' par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . . ' Par
Fine Silver, f10unce...... — ■ 67%
Mexican Dollars ...'...,63% ' 54
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $258,228,
consisting or $85,008 in Mexican 'Dollars, $2120
in Gold Coin, $100 ln Gold Dust and $171,000 in
Silver Bullion.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. *
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are easy at 22s 6d as a
nominal quotation, with' occasional engagements
reported. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 41,600,* against 26,900 tons
on. the same dale last year: disengaged, ' 52,400
ions, against 78,700: on the way to this port, 211,
--300 tons, against 178.250. .:**.-
WHEAT— The Nordiyset takes for Cork 56.705
ctls. valued at if 63,800; Wayfarer, for Liverpool,
70,222 ctls at $76,349; Bohemia, for Sydney, 41,
--996 ctls at $50,394. T y .- • .-*
• The excitement has subsided. ' Chicago and Liv
erpool are both declining and futures here are con
siderably lower in consequence.: At the same time
spot V. heat keeps up and holders are not offering.
 A correspondent Rives the yield of tbe upper Sa
linas V alley in 1895 nt 47.479 tons, of which 27,
--000 tons was shipped from Paso Robies,'447» from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
Templeton and 16,000 from San Miguel. It is j
estimated that 1 0% of this yield still remains in the
hands of the farmer. The prospects are that the
vifld for 1896 will be one-third larger than for
1895. No. 1, $1 12%; 9 ctl; choice, $1 18%;
lower grades, $I@l 10"; extra choice lor milling,
$1 22V_@1 27%. -,: p.. :..-p.\ -..444:,
CAL,!, BOARD SAI.JM.
informal sessio-.*— lo o'clock — May — 100
tons, $1 16%; 900. $1 15%. December — 100,
$1 le-y*; 200, $1 15%: 400. $1 15%.
REariAß Mornino Session— December— lßoo
tons, $1 15%: 600. $1 15»/ 8 ; 400, $1 16%; 700,
$1 15; 400, $1 15%. May— 3oo, $1 146/ ; 7 00,
$1 14 Vi: 1000. $1 143/ 8 ; 600, $1,14%; 300, !
$1 14%: 600, $1 14. . ; .:■?-'■ -
Afternoon Session— May— 3oo tons, $1 13%; i
700. $1 1314; 200. $1 13: 800. $1 13%* 600, !
$1 133/ 8 , December— looo, $1 143/ ; 200, $1 14%;
100,51145/ 8 . " 1
Ha I.LEY—C ontinues Inactive. Prices are steady
and neither rain nor anything else seems to affect
them. Feed, 67%@70c; choice, 71V4c; Brewing,
75@82%c fl ctl. •
CAL-. BOARD SALES. ,
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales. .
Regular Morning Session— May— 3oo tons,
70c; 100.693iC.
Aktkrnoon session— No sales. ■ T* •
OATS— Receipts were over 5000 ctls of which
4480 came from Washington. \ The market Is dull
and unchanged. Milling are quotable at 77%
ta.S,*>r i**. ctl; fancy Feed, 85(gS0c: good to choice.
2 (a,85c; common to fair, 65@76c; Gray, 80®
85c; Red, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for seed. $1 10
(a"l 30: do for feed, 75(_.85c; Surprise, 95c@$l 05.
CORN— Holders are firm and exact full figures,
but trade Is quiet. Large Yellow quotable at 9Cc
li ctl; small Round do, 90c; White, _2-",_(_.'Bsc.
RI E— Continues firm and In good request at 80 !
@82% c "I*,
BUCKWHEAT— at 85c@$l fl ctl, ac- I
cording to quality. Hardly any seen now.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Nothing new to report. Net cash prices
are as follows: Family extras, $3 65@3 75 *{*) bbl;
Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65; superfine, $2 60@2 60
f. bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Corn, $20: Cracked
Corn. $20 50 *"**. ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%C; Rye Flour. 3%c; Rice Flour. 7i'>c; Corn
meal, 28/4@3c; extra cream do, "oatmeal,
3 : * 4 c: Oat Groats. 4 V_c: Hominy, 4®4V4c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c: Farina,
4%c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 2 c; Split Peas, 4';ic; Green do,
sV4C*lb. _______
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Arrivals are abundant. The' market
continues easy at $12@13 1* ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
$20 60 $ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Kolled Barley, $16@17 f) ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 %>■ ton; jobbing,
$22 60: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.*'
HAY— Is easy and quiet at the decline. Wheat,
$8@12: Oat. $8@10; Wheat and Oat. $7 60@
11 %i ton; Barley, ij*7@9 50 ?*. ton; Alfalfa, $6@9;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60_-ll; Stock, $6®
7 50-$ ton. - . . . •-•- --. "..-v..
• STRAW-35@60c ? bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
I BEANS— Dealers report the market utterly ne
glected and weak, with no important changes for
several weeks. Pavos, $I©l 15: Small Whites,
$1 25@1 60; Pea, $1 50fa*l 65; Large Whites,
$1 15@1 25; Pink. 90c@$l 15: Beds, $1 35@1 40;
Blackeye, $1 76@1 85; Red Kidney, $1 75®1 90;
Llmas, $2 50®2 76; Butters, $1 60@1 70 V- ctl.
SEEDS— Receipts of Flaxseed at San Francisco
In 1895 were 96,672 3acks. against 37,186 iv 1894; ,
of Mustard, 90.782 sacks, against 64,211. The
. market, is dull. Offerings, though small, are |
ample. .Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 95 I
j &2 05 $ ctl: Trieste, $2@2 **0 "$ ctl; Yellow Mus- 1
I tard. $1 40@1 60; Flax, $1 70@1 75; Canary, 314 '
I @3%c 9 lb; Alfalfa 6V2@7c V lb;' Rape, 1%
1 (g)2c t* lb; Hemp, 4c *""*. lb.
I DRIED PEAS-Nomlnal at $1 25®1 50 3 ctl for
Niles. ________ '■-Tyt? /A
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Oregon descriptions are easier. Sa
linas Burbanks, 60@90c %l ctl: River Burbanks, 1
25@40c fl sack: Oregon Burbanks. 60<a)70c; Ore
' gon Garnet Chiles, 60@65c; River Reds, 45@5tic
■ l^ctl.
t ONIONS— Are lower again under more liberal
' arrivals. Quoted at 85c®Sl "i", ctl; Cut Onions,
50®75c; Oregon, $I@l 15 for good to choice. lu
ferior lots go lower.
VEGETABLES— market is dull and weak.
Mushrooms are quotable at 3@loc .■ lb, outside
figure for choice Buttons; Dried Peppers, 6®log
F" tt>; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 85c@Kl 25 f box:
Green Peas. 3<_4c lb; string Beans. ; Dried
Okra, 12% c; Cabbag, 40@.*»0c tf* ctl; Garlic, 4@sc
9 lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15®20 *p ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Stocks continue light and quotations
are unchanged. :." ";,-;*■'" **:'.', '"* '-. >;.*./
Creamery— Fancy, 27(3,28c; seconds, 25®26c
fi tb.
Dairy— Fancy. 24@25c: good to choice, 22®
23c; lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEESE — Continues in light supply and
steady. Fancy mild new Is quotable at 11"%®
12c: common to good, 8%@10c: Cream Cheddar,
ll®12c; Young America, ll®12c; Western, 11®
12c: Eastern, 12(al3c*?>, lb. .
EGGS— Receipts were larger yesterday and the
weakness was more pronounced, store Egg?, 14®
15c; ranch Eggs, 16@17c r dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME
POULTRY—The market is in good shape for
young stock, which is higher all around, as will be
seen by the quotations. Ducks are also doing bet
ter and Turkeys are firm. ' •
Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 13@14c
for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 16@17c "$ tt>: Geese, "if\
pair. $1 25(a;l 75: Ducks, $6@7 "$, doz: Hens, $4(3)
5: Hoosters, young, $6 sU'g,6 50: do, old, $4(g»4 50":
Fryers, $5 60@6: Broilers, $5Cg,5 50 for large and
$3 60®4 50 lor small; Pigeons, $1 50_)2 *j*i dozen
foryoung and $li_l 25 for old.
GAME— Sells fairly, as follows: Hare, 75c(a$l ;
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 ****. doz for Cottontails and"7sc
6ssl for small: Gray Geese, $2 60: White Geese.
76c@"t*l; Brant, $1 2ft@l 50; Honkers. $3@3 50;
English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $I®l 25 $ doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— are slowly diminishing as the
season advances. We quote 85c@$l fl box for good
to choice,- 50_;75c for common 10 fair and 51 25®
1 60 for fancy. *: -'
j CITRUS FRUITS— The tendency in Oranges is
I downward,, owing to their frozen condition, and
j they are very dull. Lemons and Limes are also
I quiet. Oranges, 75c@$l 25 for Seedlings and $1 25
I (a,2 25 for Navels; badly frosted stock goes still
lower; Lemons, $I@l 60 for common and $2ffi2 50
! for good to choice: California Limes. 76c®*i"l ft
box: Mexican Limes, 85®5 50; Bananas, $1(n,2 '-_<,
bunch; Pineapples, $2 50®5 "j* dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Dealers are making some
j sales in a jobbing way, . but there Is no movement
of any consequence. The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: ■
Carload Apples, 21 _@3c fl lb for quar
tered, 3®3V 2 c ft lb for sliced and 4%c fl lb for
evaporated; Peaches, 3V_@4c ft lb and 2 @6c
for fancy; peeled ln boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7%®
BV_c for prime to choice, 9*/_c for fancy and 10®
lie **■*. lb for fancy Moorpark: Flits, black. 2@2%c
for unpressed; White Figs, 3V 2 @4cin sacks; Pears,
7c ft lb for evaporated halves, 4@6%c ft tt» for
quarters; Prunes. 354 c: Plums, 4c ft lb for pit
ted and l%@2y c for unpitted; Ncctarhies, 6@6c
ft lb for prime to choice and 6V 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Apples. 4@4i/',c: Peaches. 3®
4c and 6c for fancy ; peeled, In boxes, 10@12%c;
Prunes, 4c for 1 the four sizes. 6c fl lb for 40@50's
and 6c for 50@60's; Apricots, 6@9%c for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs,
black, 13 / 4@2%c; White Figs, 3fg)sc; Pears,' 6L06
for evaporated. halves and 3@5%c for quarters;
Plums. 3%c lor pitted and l®l%c lor unpitted;
Nectarines. 4@sc ft tb for prime to choice. •
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES -Prices are
as follows, , carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco :
London layers, 85@90c ***! box; four-crown, loose,
3 /4 C'& lb; three-crown, loose, 2%c; two-crown.
2c: seedless Sultanas, 3 3 /i@4c; seedless Muscatels,
2V_(g»'- 3 /_c; three-crown tendon layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa flusters, $2 10®2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2 %c
f. lb.
Jobbino Prices — Four-crown .loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2V4®2*y_c: 2-crown, ;is/±@Vc'. Seedless Sul
tanns, 3 3 /i®lc; Seedless Muscatels, 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$l;. clusters, $1 40@1 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried Grapes, 2%c ■■■::-
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc ft lb: Walnuts. 7®Bc
$lb for No. hard and 9fi)9V_ for softshell, lob
bing lots; Almonds, 6®7%c.for Languedoc and
BV_@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6c
for eastern at d 3%@4%c for California; Hickory
Nuts, s®6c; Pecans, 6c lor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, *7%@Bc fl lb;
Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 *^ 100. *-*. *
HONEY— Comb ls quotable at 10@12c ft lb for
bright and B@9c ft lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@si_c fl lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4%®43,4c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
BEESWAX-24@27c ft lb. ,
PROVISIONS.
■-. CURED . MEATS— market Is dull all around
at the familiar, prices. Bacon quotable at 6c ft lb
for heavy, 7c ft lb for light medium, 9c fl lb for
light, 10c for extra light and -12c for sugar-cured;
Eastern Smear-cured Hams, lie; California Hams,
9%®10c; M ess Beef, $7 ft bbl;. extra mess do, $8:
family do. $9(5)9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 "£ bbl:
extra near. $14 fl bbl; mess. $13 ft bbl: Smoked
Beef, 9V_®loc lb. :
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable at 6c ft
lb for compouuu and 7V 2 c for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, sV_c for compound' aud 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 6%c: 10-_> tins, 7c; do 6tb, 7®7V 4 c ft lb.
COTTOLENE— 7 In tierces and 8c "£ lb ln 10-
Ib tins. ' -.-. - ■• ,-■,,...
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND ; SKINS— We quote the old prices,
with a dull market. Heavy salted steers, 7c ft
lb : culls and brands, 6c "ft _>; medium,' 60; culls |
and brands. sc: light. 6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cow- I
hides, 6®6%c; culls and brands,' 4@4%c; salted |
Kld. 5c 'ft lb; salted Calf, 8c fl lb: salted • Yew!
6, . dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7®7l/ a c; I
dry Kip and Veal, 1 9c: culls. 6%@7c: dry Calf, !
16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, i2s@3oc;. medium. 15®
25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20c each; short ■ wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
@60c each : long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about V 2 c less. :' - .-:.- :.::■:->■■:■ ■ -..
"* • TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3)>4®4c; No. 2, 3® !
3%c: refined, es^c; Grease, 2i_<* fT lb.
.j * Assortments are 'limited and trade Is j
*v .-.•■■• :.
qnlet ; „^, c . quote FaU as follows: Eastern Ore-
Kon. 10@*lc <*"■ lb; San Joaquin and Southern, 3®
TrA ,ff fountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c © lb.
_ HOPS— Dealers quote a range of 3@7c ii lb, as
representing the extremes from uoor to fancy, and
report the usual stagnant and nominal market.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Scattering sales of Grain Bags are report
ed at the quotations. Calcutta Grain Bags, June-
July delivery, $4 12%@4 2.5; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
: COAL— Dealers predict low prices for the com
ing year. Wellington is quotable at $8- *$ ton:
Wellington, $8 «*■ ton; Southfield Wellington,
•7 50: Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$5; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50;. Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 iv sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel.sß; Hock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; COKe, $10 60 in
bulk and $12 60 "~ ton in sacks. *
CANNED Fa OFT— Apricots are quotable at $1
@1 05 "j", dozen; Peaches, sl 10@1 30; Pears, $1 25
(all 35 %< dozen; White Cherries, $2 25 ; Black Cher
ries, $1 75: Plums, 90c@$l. :
CANNED . VEGETABLES— 72*/ 3
77V2<" ■£ dozen; Peas, 85c@*l 05 **•) dozen.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular says: "We
are unable to note any improvement In demand
nor, in fact, any change whatever other than a
slightly easier tone to Pra_ll Coffees in New York.
Local business still continues slow, winter weather
doubtless contributing to this, but in conjunction
with the overland demand sufficient is being done
to hold prices steady and just about keep pace with
the unusually light arrivals. From all to be learned
the crops are late in all Central American States.
To-day's stock is 212 bags Salvador, 4935 Guate
mala and 296 Mexican— in all' 5443 .bags, arainst
4918 last year." We quote:
Costa Rica— 2o@2l c f* lb for good to , prime
washed: 20c nom. for good; 19@19Vic nom. for
good mixed with black beans; 17%@18%c nom.
for fair; 14@17c for common to ordinary. v
Salvador— lß@2oc il tt> nom. for fair to good
washed; 18V_(dlSc for good bleached and green
unwashed.
I'I'ATKMAIA AND MEXICAN— 21@21%e *■** lb for
prime to strictly prime washed: 20@20%c for
good to strictly good washed: 18 %@19 /*c for fair
washed; 16%@lf"c for medium; 16@16%c for
ordinary; l_%(ii!l4%c . for inferior to common;
'Xl'.{ia'X2c for good to prime washed peaberry:
20%0 nom. for good unwashed peaberry.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 100-lb cases
quotable at 6c "i* lb; 50-lh bundles, 5c 3 lb: Silver
King Strips, 8c f, lb; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c "f>. lb;
Tablets, 8c "j* lb; Seabrlght Blocks. 7%c: Pacific
Herring, 18c *£ box: Dutch do, $I@l 25'^ keg;
Whltefisb, $1 60 in half-bbls and $1 75 in kits:
Tongues and sounds, $14: .Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30;- No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24; half-bbls— No. 1,
$12; No. 2, mo 50; No. 3. $9 50; kits, No. 1. $2;
No. 2, $1 60; No. 3, $1 50. ...
QI IC]*SILVER--SIO i* flask.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1,'95c;
bbls, 90c I*. gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c: do, raw. 48c; cases, 5c
more: Lard Oil. extra winter-strained, bbls, -61c:
No. l, 51c: cases 5c higher; China Nut, 39@470 "ifr
gal. ■ ■ - ' ;..*■
• PETROLEUM— EIaine, 25'/ 2 c * gal; Eocene,
22*% c; Headlight, 175°, cases. 22% c; Starlight,
20% c; Astral, 20V_c: Pearl, 20% c; Standard. 110°
fire test, 18% c ■%< gal In cases, 19c faucets aud
14* :.<; in bulk; Water-white, refined, in bulk,
15"_c: Mineral Seal, bulk, 19c: wood bbls, 21% c:
cases, 24c "£ gal: Mineral Sperm,. bulk, 20c; wood
bbls, 22 Vic: cases, 25c "i"* gal. -.'—■/
. GASOLINE, ETC. — 63" Benzine, bulk, 16c;
cases, 21c; 74"* Gasoline, bulk, 17c; cases, 22c; 86*
Gasoline, bulk, 24c; cases, 29c per gal. .
. Will LEAD— at t*V_c H" lb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at 6i_c f* tb.
TURPENTINE— SOc "f> gal.
CANDLES-Granite Candles. 6s. 16 oz. 10% c;
do. 14 oz, 9V_e ; do, 12 oz, B+c;do,8 + c ; do, 10 oz, 814 c; Elec
tric Light Candles, 6s, 16 uz. B%c; do, 14- oz,' 8c;
do. 12 oz, 7V_c; do, 10 oz, 6%c; Paraffine Wax
Candles, whitetls, 2s. 4s, 6s and 12a, 14 oz, 9V_c;
assorted colors, same sizes, 1 0% c.
LEATHER— Nothing going on. Extra heavy
Sole, 27@28c for No. 1 and 25®26c for No. 2 : heavy
Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c for No. 2: medium
Sole, 26c for No. 1 and 24c for No. 2 ; light Sole,
25c for No. 1 and 23c f", lb for No. 2.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushea, Povurle.re'd
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c;
Confectioners' A, -sc; Magnolia A, 4V_c; Extra
C, 43'gc; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYKUP— Golden, ln bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
■¥ gal. . .- : 7/:Az:
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs have gone up again and are very firm.
Beef. Mutton and Lamb are also stiff. In fact, the
whole market is in good shape. Wholesale rates
for dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5%@6c; second quality,
4%@5c; third do. :''/ 2 (_ "fl lb.
VEAL— Large, s@bc; small. 6®7c %* lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. oi-.@7c; Ewes, 6@6 l
"p. lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12%; yearlings, 7@Bc
■ft lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3*"4_&lc for large and 3'/*,®
4c for small: dressed do, s(<s«c $ lb.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES., ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; wood, $5 "i'l cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled. $9: Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9.
TAN HARK- sl4 $ cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, $13
fl7 50 for the different length.*: No. 2, $11; No.
1 Flooring, »21@26; Lath, $2: Redwood, $16 for
No. 1 and $13 for No. 2: Rustic, $18@23; Shingles,
common, $1 50; Shakes, $9 %* M.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS. . •
Flour.ar. sks 31.894 Middlings, 5k5..... 660
Washington..... 5, 316 Hides, no 103
Wheat, ctls 58.835; felts, bdls _ 135
Washington 2,loo\Vlne, gals. 37.100
Barley, ctl* b,675 Bnlter, ct15..;..... 239
Oats, Or, ctls ... 775 Cheese, ctls. 48
Washington 4.480 Eggs, doz.'. 6,280
Corn, ctls 615 Leather, rolls 239
Rye, ctls. 380'Qmcksil ver, flaskj 128
Beans, sks. 500 Lime, bbls 100
Potatoes, sks. 2,580 Raisins, bxs 000
Onions, sks 258 Flaxseed, Wsh, sk 335
Hay. tons. 90 Wool, bis 231
Straw, tons 10 Tallow, 8
Br»n, nits 3,730 Powder, cases.'.... 6
Washington - 10
: _. ■ ♦ — « _
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marcus Stone to the San Pedro Farm corpora
tion lot on S line of California street, 137:6 Wof
Larkin, W 40:5, S 80, W 28:4, S 67:6, E 68:9, N
137:6; 10.
Margaret .1. Flnley to Peter J. McGlynn. lot on S
line of Pine street. 112:6 W of Lyon, W 75 by S
100; also lot on s line of Pine street, 87:6 Wof
Lyon, W 25 by S 100: also lot on W line of Lyon
street, 75 S of Pine. S 25 by W 87:6: also lot on
SW corner of Pine and Lyon streets, 575 by W
87:6; *10. " ■ ■ ■ -
Patrick McTanney to George D. Toy, lot on N
corner of Howie avenue and Eleventh street, NW
23:4 by 92:6; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Market-street
Railway Company, all that portion or H. B. 14
bounded by Stevenson. Crocker, West Mission and
property of second party; $10. *
John and Mary Hardimau to John S. Smith, lot
on s line of Jersey street, 25 E of Vlcksburg, E 50
by S 114; $10.
Marcus stone to San Pedro Land and Dairy Com
pan}*, lot on NX corner of Army and Diamond
streets, E 50:1 1 by N 114; $10.
Giovanni Taler to Anjrelo Figone, undivided one
eighth of lot on E line of Ohio street, 57 S of Broad
way, S 80:6 by E 65 : $10.
I*. M. and G. H. Earle to E. : E. Jones, lot on. X
line of Second avenue, 175 S of Deeth (California
street south), S 25 by 120; $10. ■.-.;■
A. H. and Cornelia Cndy to Solomon Getz, lot on
X line of Twelfth avenue, 175 N of J street,' N 25
by El 20; $10. : . !
Robert E. and Jane M. Noll and E. H. and Stella
W. Prentice to John R. Fulton, lot on SW corner
of S street and Forty-sixth avenue, W - 32:6 by S
100; $10. .
Charles McCarthy to Christian H. Neuhaus, lot
28, block 23, Lakeview: $10.
- Henry O. Taylor to Christopher Staohle, lots 6,
7 and 8, block 9, S.nny Vale Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Christopher Staehle to George Herold, same;
$200.
Elizabeth Church to Florella B. Sweet, lot on SW
line of Karragut avenue, 160 SE of old San Jose
road, SW 104, sE to right of way or* Southern Paci
fic Railroad, NE 104. NW 25, block 5, West End
Map 2; gift.
AIAMKOA COUNTY.
Pierre Chapeland to Pierre Lavorel, lot on W
line of Paradise street, l3s Sof Todd, W 100, 8
135, N1C ISB N 32:6 to beginning, lots 13 and 14,
block J. Paradise Park, Oakland TownshlD; $10. |
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Nils Jakob. en,
lot on N line of Ilileard avenue, 125 E of Scenic
avenue, ESO by N 125, block 6, Daley's Scenic
Park, Berkeley ; $10. •
Nils and M. C. Jakobsen -to Jane Cumberpatcb,
same, Berkeley; $10.
Alary J. Moss et al. to Mary Walsh, lot 21, block
I, Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
R. R. and Emma O. Mitchell to Isabel M. Somers,
lot on N corner or road from Oakland to San .Lean
dro and Oakland avenue, NX 465 by NW 264:10,
block D, Moss tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Gil I). Mello to Teresa D. Mello, lot on S lino of
Castro street. 60 W of Hays (projected), S 150 by
W 50, portion of ■ Hemme Tract, SanLcandro,
Eden Township: grant.
The American Real Estate Investment Union of
New York (a corporation) to B. C. Fabrique, lot 8,
map of American Investment Union Tract, No. 1,
Oakland; $10. - ■-,
B. C. and Elizabeth G. Fabrique to William H.
Rabe. same: $10. *
', E. E. Echlin wife of James A.) to Lucena Par
sons, lot 23, block B, and lot 27, olock : C, Parsons
Golden Gate Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland Town
ship; $1. ",..*.,•...;
Lucena Parsons to B. E. and B. M. Rockwell, lot
23, block 12, same. Oakland Township: $10.
Samuel 8. and J. E. Biower to Joseph A.Leon
ard & Co. (a corporation *>, lot on N line of Webster
street. 172.62 E of Deakin, E 40 by N 150, block
F. Woolsey Tract. Berkeley: $10. ■■■. yy
Rev. Charles W. Wendte to John T. Coe, lot 4,
block M. Leonard Tract. Berkeley: $10.
• Roberts Investment Company to Martha B. Rob
erts, !o. on NE corner, of Eleventh and Jefferson
streets, N 105 by EE 70, block 156, subject to mort
gage for $15,000, Oakland; $10. . -
-FY A. Archibald to Martha W. Archibald, lot on
N line of Eighteenth street, 50 E of Filbert, E 50,
N 116, E 25, N 50, W 35, S 50, W 40, 8 115 to be
ginning, block 614, Alfred Barstow Tract, Oak."
I land: gift.
| - Charles V. and Elizabeth Fitch to C. A. Carlson,
lot onE line of Pleasant. Valley -avenue. 377.27
N of Piedmont avenue, N 26 by E 165 ; , lot 14, Re
vised' Map of Piedmont Cable Tract, subject to
i mortgage for $400, Oakland Township: $10. z •■ ■
A Isabii G. and If. W. Fairbanks to Gertrude Hall,
lot 17, Rock Island Tract, Berkeley: $10. .
0. B. Digfta and Emma Scott to M. Diggs, all in
terest, In the -.tone Tract, quitclaim deed, Brook
lyn Township; 810. " • - ' .
• W. E. and Erminia Dargie to James A. Tipping,
I lot 14, Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township; $s'. .*-«- ■<..
J. S. and A. _). Emery to Johann F. Stoer, lot on
[ SW corner of San Pablo and Verbaßuena avenues,
W 270, S 360, NE 360, N 57 to beginning, block 2,'
Emery Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Louis Bottini to Ulderico Martignonl, lot on N
lineofAlden street, 215 W of West, W 25 by N
140. block B. Whltcher and Brockhurst Tract,
Oakland; $1500.
W. B. and Ermlna M. Hardy to First National
Bank of Oakland, lot on SW corner of Durant and
Franklin streets, s 100 by W 150, block G, Foun
tain place, Oakland; £3000. ,
Robert N. Wood 10 - Richard Cross, undivided
half interest in lot on NE corner of wan Pablo
avenue and Bancroft way, N 35.21, E 150.548.47,
W 146.33 to beginning, being lot 19, block G,
Bryant Tract, Brooklyn; $10.
H.C. Morris to William ,H. Duff, lot on Vf line
of Chestnut street, 200 S of Bay View avenue, S
100 by* W 150, being lots 9 and 10, blocs: 11,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10. - -
Robert W. Pengellay to Benjamin K. Martland.
lot 12, block K. amended map Moss Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
George W. Haight (by tax collector) to J. E.
Damon. lots 6 and 7, block A, also strip of tide land
100 feet wide running in front of lots 6 and 7, block
A, Damon's West End Tract, extending S to center
of lot 18; $1.
Fred G. Jones to Manuel G. Comacho, lot 41,
Smith's subdivision to San Leandro, Eden Town
ship; grant.
* Builders' Contract..
Fay & Foster with the Rae . Building and Con
tracting Company, alterations to bar in the Grand
Hotel; $1185. *..
Joseph Henry with H. Pauls, alterations, etc., of
building 011 N line of Ellis street, 109 E or Van
Ness avenue; $4045. -
— . _. _ — : ■
THE SHOOK MABKET.
There was a pronounced decline yesterday. Oc
cidental Con. sold down to 96c on the afternoon
call and all the other stocks were off more or less,
probably in sympathy. The close was weak.
NOTES.
The annual meeting of the Utah Consolidated
Mining Company will be held to-day.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
has relisted the shares of the Mayflower Gravel
Mining Company and added those of the Eureka
Drift Minim: Company to its list.
The Belcher Mining Company at its annual
meeting yesterday re-elected the old board of di
rectors, with James Newlands as president, A. K.
P. Harmon vice-president, C. B. Perkins secretary
and W. E. Sharon superintendent.
1 Ap. >... Assessments Pending.
Following is a list of assessments now pending:
~ Dellnqt
Company. No. Amt. in tbe Sale Day.
'. Board.
Hale&Norcross.... ICB| 15,. Jau 10;. Feb 7
Con. New York 14. 051. Jan 10 .Feb 8
0ccidenta1........... 2l| . 151. Jan 17 .Feb 10
Challenge 20, .Jan 20. Feb 12
M0n0.... 36 10.Jan30.Feb 25
Savage 8* 20 .Feb 4. Feb 26
Alta 61 10. Feb 13 .March 9
Justice.... • 60 ..10. Feb 13 .March 9
In ion Con 52 ■ 20 .Feb 14. March 17
Crown Point 66 20 .Feb 16 .March 12
Lady Washington... 11 06 .Feb 16. March 10
Julia Con; 27 05 .Feb 17 .March 11
HOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stocc Board yesterday: ■■ ..
REGULAR UORNINO fIKSSmV CfHItftNTIIKII SO.
100 Belcher... 2B:loo Kentck....o7i2oo Potosl 55
300 B & 8... .91 100 Mexican. 65 600 Savage... .Bs
200 Challnge..3B 400 .;..;. .64 100 S Nev 60
200 CC&V...2.50 760 0ccidt1. .1.15500 V Jackt..sl
200 ....1.351100 Ovrmn. ...20l
AFTERNOON SESSION- 2* SO.
600 Alnba 20 600 G & C...... 49-300 Potosl 51
200 Andes 20100 H&N. . .1.25.00 Savage..
100 8e1cher....28 100 Mexican. .6o 4oo 8 Nev 44
200 P. &8....85 50 0ccidt1... .98:200 43
60 80die.... 39750 .......... .9K 209 Sll Hi 11.. ..02
200 Cha11ne... 371200 .97 150 Union. ... 39
00 CC*V...2.40'700 0phir.. .1.40 500 Utah 08
400 G & C 50,200 Overrun... 18 650 V Jac_t...47
Following were the sales ln the Paclfla Stock
Board yesterday ; ■■; - ■ -":.„ - ■; :*-.
KKo-r,»n . SESSION— IO:t").
200 Alnha 500 Con .02.700 P0K>51....54
200 ........... 22^600 C Point ....23 400 63
300 Alta 08 300 Excnqr ...08 200 ..* 52
200 Andes 22800 0 <fc C 62 300 Savage. ...34
400 8e1cher.. ..281400 .*. 51 1200 33
400 B&B H&N... 1.30 500 Scorplon..o2
400 88400 Justice.. ..03 500 SB <fc M...09
700 871500 Kentuck..o7 200 **Nev 60
100 86 600 Mexican..64 1200 46
300 8u11i0n....! 200 Mono 06 600 S Hill 03
600 Cha1Ue....38;1900 0cctd.. 1.20 800 Union C...40
200Cn0uar....64 200 ....1%200 Utah 08
1200 ..........62 1200 1.10 V Jacket.. s2
900 60 900 .).05'900 61
600 CC&V..2.45 800 0vrmn. ...16 1200 50
200 2.42% 600 Ophir... 1.45 600 49
100Confi.l.07%PiO0 Poiosi 6 1 1500 48
AFTERNOON* 8K8310N— 2:30.
300 Alpha 21800 Ch011ar....59 400 Occidtl. .l.os
200 A1ia..... ..09 400 C P0int... .21.900 1.021 '_
400 Andes 20 400 22 300 99
300 8eicner...27;200 Exchqr....o7|2oo 98
600 ...28.600G __C..... 50 700 97
250 B A. 8..... 86.500..... 49100 Potosi 62
700 85 400H&N . .1.25500 Savage. ...32
200 Bodie 40.600 1.27%!600 31
200 8u11i0n. ...16.800 Mexican. .6ol9oo 8 Nev.... 46
100 8u1wer. ...16 600 Mono 06 1000 Union ...38
200 Challng37* -.800 0phir. . .1.40 200 Utah 08
800 CC-tV. .2.40-206 .13, 500 YJacket..47
300 23/ 8 , 300 0vrmn. ...171
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 23-4 P. v.
.Bi<*./L*'-'rt.| m<t.A'k"l.
Alpha C0n..... 19 21 Jackson. 40 60
Alia 08 09 Julia — 02
Andes 19 21|Justlce.... 03 04
Belcher 26 27iKentucK. 05 07
Best* Belcher. 84 86 lady Wash — 01
BentonCon.... — 40 Mexican 60 61
bodie 39 40 Mt. Diablo 15 20
8u11i0n. ....... IS 17 Mono 05 . —
Bulwer _ 13 — ; Nevada Queen. — 05
Caledonia 07 09 Occidental 95 97
Challenge Coa. 37 38]Ophir .....1.40 1.45
Chollar 58 69 Overman 17 18
Con. Cai. & Va. 2. 36 2.40,1'0t05i ......... 51 62
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Savace. 30 32
Confidence 1.00 1.0.i Seer. Belcher... 08 10
Con.New Yoric. — 06 Sierra Nevada 45 47
Crown Point... 21 22 Scorpion 02 —
EastSierraKew — 04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 03
Exchequer..... 06 07 Silver Kins.... 20 —
Eureka C0n.... 25 —{Syndicate 02 —
Gould <t Curry. 48 50 Union 38 40
Hale «_-N0rcM.1. 26 1.30, 1" tab 07 08
lowa — - 04| Yellow Jacket, 46 47
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 28-4 p. v.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
-SO". Asked.'. Bid. Asked.
V S4scoup..lo7 — JUS 4s reg...107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BOND?.
Cal-stCbless. — 110 IDo. 2d Iss 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lo6 — P«fcOßy6s. — 108
CntraCWss. — 1 00 P<feCh Rv 6s. 102%105% '
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 ' 95 Pwi-st.RR6s. '.— 116%
EdsnL&P6s.lo6 — Reno.WL&L — 105
F&CHRR6S. — 107 River Co6s — 100
Gearv-stß.ss.lo - "* 105 SactoP »t .100 10284
LosAn_L6s. — 101 JSF4NPRRSS 995 B loo'
Ro.Gnted.6s.lol — (SPRRArir. — 95
Mkt-stCble6sl22 ■'■— SPRRCaI6s..IIO —
DoßyConss..loß 108%SPRRCal5s_ — 97%
NevCNg-tSs. — 100 SPBrRCal6s. 96 97%
NPC R1t65.1&3% — SVWater6s.. 1203,5 _
NRy Cal 6s. 100 — 6VWater4s._ 99% —
Ry Cal 6s. — 103 StktnGJ.E6s.o2 103%
Oak Gas .102 105 SunstT<fcT6s. 100 —
Do, 2d iss ss. 102 105% Sutter-stßss. ; — 110%
Omnibus 6a. — 119% VisallaWC6s — 9*.
PacßollM6s.. — — .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41% 46%i San Jose — 95
Marin C 0.... ..49 — |SprlngValley 96% 96*54
STOCKS.
Cspital — 39 | Pacific Light. 46 48
Centra! ...... 95 — . SanFrancsco lis/. 72
Oak G LAtt 61 61% Stockton .... — 21%
Pac Gas Imp. 78% 79 |jj
■ INSURANCE STOCKS.
FlremansFd.l66%l7o |Sun ;......„ 66% —
COMMKUCIAL BANK STOCKS."
AmerBATC. — — " ILondonPcfcA.l2B —
Anglo-Cal ... 68% — |London&SF. — so
Bankof 2 29 %2 32 .Merch Ex.... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 58 62% Nevada — —
FirstNatlonl.l76 — ISatherßCo- — _
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
GerS.tLCo.l4oo — - ISav&Loan.. — 102 V.
HumbS&L.IOOO ""— {Security..... .240 270
Mutual...... 35- 41%' Union Trust. — 820
Union 480 " — j
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 1055/ — |Oak,SL<tHay — 100
Geary-5t..... 60 70 Presidio „. 4% «
Market-5t.... 44 44% Sutter-st — .' —
POWDKR STOCK). ■
Atlantic D... 14% 16%* Judson _ _
California.... — 98 ' iVlgonu.. . — 1
Giant......... — 19 I
MIiCKLUSKOCT STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 981/4 OceanlcSSCO 17V, 20
KlkDCoalCa — 10 PacAuxFA. . 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — _ PacI&NCo. — ' 30
Edison Light. 96 97 jPac Roll Mill 23% '■—'■'
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintCo. 6 7%
Ger Lead «o. 85 683,4 PacTrausOo. — 25
HawCftSCo.. 8s/ 8 9 PacT&i'Co 61 70
HutchSPCo.: 131/4 14 KunsetT&T.. 41 _
JudsonMfgU. — — UnltedCCo.. — 25
Mer Ex Assn 100 10
TT MORNINO * SESSION. '
Board-50 Hawaiian Commercial, 834- 10 S F
Gaslight. 72; $10,000 S V i% Bonds, 9tfst.
Street— 4o Bank of California, 230.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— loo S F Gaslight, 71 Vi: 70 SV Water
£!!__.%s 96%: $20 °° ***» *«S
7 ft— 16 Oakland Gas, 61%; 5 Pacific Gas
ISVS- 7 hA 3OM SF *Kr Railway Bonds, s 10.
995/4: $3000 do. 938/ i. * ' s v'u '
, '-■■■- '-■ '-
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
■ ' ■ . PALACE HOTEL.
0 M Ingram, NY . J P Schulte. Louisville
.1 J Bodenoch, Chicago A Stark, NY
Srt Chisholm, Chicago , S O Whttaker. Cincinnati
Mrs Guggenheim, N V Miss Guggenheim NY
T II Price, N V R Green, NY
T.D Black, NY: W C Dart, Oakland
WMontague,Hackensack \V Lewis, Hoboken
C W Roane, Springfield W A Slovcr, N V
E H Cox, Madera J S Stevens, Peoria ,
J R Firth, NY „ ;G P Goetlman, Pittsburg
Mrs Bodenoch, Chicago Mrs Stevens, Peoria *
Mrs ("oeltman, Pittsburg Ella Dolan. Pittsburg
Geo E Goodman, Napa, Mrs Geo Goodman, Napa
Mrs L Blnmane, Nana W E Sharpe.lndlanapolls
H NVendllng, Hanford C F Guttinger. Ang
8 N Rocker, San Jose MrsMcLeanMartin.SJose
J Fennell, Napa . • • •; •-_■
■y'A'r:/' GRAND HOTEL.
P L Keefer A wf. Colo Mrs M E Wallace, Cal
X s Brown, Petaluma Vf F Knox, Sacramento
R P Lathrop, Hollister W C Heverner, Sacto
W Isbell, Uklah ;. *•->■ J A Andrews, Los Ang
T Smith, Los Angeles Dr C E Congdon, Cal
J Rose, Louisville 9 P Rees, Los Angeles
Miss Rees, Los Angeles WO Green, Lodi i
W W Danel A wf. Wash J W Laing, N V .
C Cunningham. Uklah Oil Dunn, Sacramento
Fred Mason, Sacramento H W Lever A wf, Portld
J B Wilcox A wf, S Jose W Heckman, Sacto
CRAmbukl, Boston H Block, N V
A J Hinds, Santa Cruz John Tait, Stanford
F W Bradley, Wardner G L Holton, Los Ang
A Robinson, Gilroy C Gurnes. Oakland
W M Plumb, Nevada Miss A McCall. Oakland
Miss L Gaertz, Wrights J B Girt'en. Victoria, B C
E A Nicolaus, Sacto F. J Ruhstatler, Sacto
W W Greer, Sacto * Mrs B A Kolp, Stockton
E J Miley, Suisun : J M Cleaves, Redding
BALDWIN HOTEL. .-.'-
X Wllke Aw, San Jose . J M Johnson, San Jose
C O Nagle, Chicago J M Gellert, Portland
O F Purdy, New York W P Veuve. San Jose
M C Sloane A w. N V Mr Moore A w.St Helena
E N Baker, Denver C L Brooks, Cincinnati
J E Cate, Chicago . * Mrs DeLongAd, Vacavllle
J F Mullen, California G F Fit_patrick.Clevelnd
O F Wilson, California . J Hcward A w. Vallejo
W EClarke. Philadelphia C Frankenthal, N V
G C Westcott, California C Negro. New York
M D Emtree, New York E McLaughlin, Chicago
W N Plnkerton. Chicago N Kosenbaum. St Louis
xi Woods, Santa Cruz .11 Rosenberg, Boston
B Crow. Suisun M Hart, w A d, Elmira
D E Murphy, California E C Nolton, Columbus
F Getaway. Arizona
V-V ■,*; '■■ : LICK HOUSE. -,■//
0 J Humphrys, Cal LEA Fourney, Chicago
D A Mattingly, Cal E M Sweeney,. Cal
1 Brown, Stockton A T Price, Cal
C A starks, Sta Barbara S Hinsdale, Barbara
L T Hat field, Sacto Mrs F E Ehrenberg.Napa
D E Knight, Marysrille Miss A J Henderson,
F Vf Hayne, N V JWHendersonAw.Eurka
P Charle"bois, Ventura C M Coglan, Sacto
A J Smith, Mcx Vf G Wheelock, Chicago
C Wood, Danville Mrs D Spencer A s, Napa
J J Devlin, San Jose T Rutledge, Santa Rosa
W E Smith, Palo Alto H _■ Stabler, Yuba City
S S Louttit A w.Stocktn Miss L Schilling, Stocktn
J H Snyder, San Diego R Wilson. Chicago
J Savwood, Chicago . F McDonald, N V
T J Mannon, San Jose Mrs I J Spencer, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
JVf Ketch San Jose A Cavagna Aw, Los Ang
J J Henderson, Mo T C Constance, Mo
C A Webb, Fravase City J A Boots, Fravase City
E A Apple A w, Los Ang H Levens, Valley Ford
J H Ayerls, Rio Vista
- •__ » — — •
A gold coin passes from one to another
2,000,000,000 times before the stamp or im
pression upon it becomes obliterated by
friction, while a silver coin changes be
tween 3,250,000,000 times before it becomes
entirely defaced.
'= =
¥__.__ CALL CALENDAR.
Ja-stuaby, 1896.
\V.
ir.
S
Moon's Pba»e».
2
©Last Quarl
January
*
8
0
I 10
111I 11
I
14
I
16
17
I !
I 18
jgSk Now Moon.
\S)> January J4
16
I i
I
I
/"V\First Quartet
January 2'J.
22
•23
,23
! 30
(fa Full Moon.
I v&/ January 30.
26
29 i
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure Prom San Francisco. I
STEAMER. | DCBTIXATIOIf |
BA I M.
| pier.
Columbia... i Portland Jan -J9. 10am | Pier 24
Homer Coos Hay Jan 29.10 am i Oceanic
P«n;» Hon., I San Dieeo Jan 30.11 am Pltr 11
UmaUlla. ... Vte* Pet Snd Jan 30. 9am ; Pier 9
Pomona Humboldtßay j Jan 30. vsrwi P:erß
m Paul JNewDOrt Feb 1, oam! Pier 11
Araeo moi mr Feb 2.10 am Plerl3
Etate ol Cai Portland Feb H.lOam I'ler J4
Point Loma. Grays Harbor. I Feb 3.1U v , Pier 2
Corona San Diego Feb 3.11 am Her 11
Cliy Puebla.. I Vie A. Pet Snrt : Feb 4. oam : Pier 9
Jpel i-iorte .. Orars HarDor. Feb 4 !
Kureko . .. Newport Feb 5, Bam Pier 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer | From | Due I
North .Fore ;
Peter Jebsen
Costa Rica
Kiode Janeiro.. 1
fomona... |
Wellington
San Bemto
Stl'aui
Arcata 1
Farallon
State of Cal
City of .PueDia..
Araro •
City of Kverett
Point 1i0ma..... !
Corona j
Mackinaw ......
San Juan i
Del Norte ,
(.'OO3 8ay. «....". !
Empire.. ;
Crescent City... I
Columbia. '
Santa Ko<ia.
I II urn bold Bay I
' Xauuimo ■
i Departure Bay I
' China and Japan |
tiumboidc Jiay !
Uomox
lacoma
Newport
Coos Hay
Van:i;iin Jiay ............
Portland. ;....
Victoria <£ JPustet Hound
Coo.i Ray
! Departure Bay
|Hray3 Harbor ...
San .Diego
Tacoma...
i Panama
Grays Harbor ;.....
Newport....
Portland
'Crescent City- .....
Portland...
' Wan Diego I
i. .Jan 29
j..Jan 29
'..Jan 29
|..Jan 29
..Jan 29
I ..Jan '29
I. Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 3tl
..Jan 31
. Jan HI
..Jan SI
..Jan 31
. . Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 2
..Feb a
..Feb 3
..Feb 4
..Feb 5
. . Feb 5
L.Feh S
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
.ll.u'
! Large. |Small. JLarge.iSmall. Rises! Seta
29. 10.14 a; o.oBxi 5.25 p i: 4.12 a 7.17 5.30
30.i11.0-tA 0.42AJ 6.06P 5.08 a 716 5.81
p
a
! Kiaes
I 6 18p
HYDKOUKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Htdro«baphio Offick., 17. S. N. "I
• Mkbchavts' Eichaxoe. . V
Saj- Francisco, January 28. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. xt., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtet.kr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
"— ■— — ussssssxsssasssa sssssss —
_.HIPI*TNO INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, January 28.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 63 hours from Syr
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins - *
Co.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen. 75 hours from Port
land and way ports; pass and mdsa. to O C «fc N Co.
Stmr Sunol, Walvig, 7Va days from Coos Bay:
lumber, to L E White Lumber Co. ...
Br ship Red Rock, Williams. 160 days from
Swansea; 2820 tons coai, to J D Spreckels & Bros
Co.*
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 82 hours from Albion:
r r ties, to J S Kimball.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, January 28
Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama: P M S S Co.
Br stmr Coptic, Sfalby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama via Honolulu : O&O S S Co. *
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co. -
Bark Helen W Almy, Pederson, Ocos: J Wight
man Jr.
schr Aloha. Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Dimond
& Co.
Sailed.
TU ESDAY, January 28.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham,' Portland.
Stmr San Bias, McLean, Panama, etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
US stmr Albatross, Drake, cruise.
Stmr Coos Bay. Sepson. San Pedro.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yoao
hama via Honolulu.
Stmr Geo Ixiomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Navarro. Hardwick. Eureka.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
■*.'. Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— '.8-10 r it- Weather
cloudy: wind W; velocity 12 miles. .;,_.;,:
: C'har'eri. '■'..''
The Br bark tear loads lumber on the Sound
for Valparaiso for orders, Pisagua range. 47s 6d—
prior to arrival. : -*.:.
Spoken.
Dec 20-Lat 2 S, long 28 W. Br ship Holt Hill,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco. .
Jan 21— 40 N. long 11 W, Br ship Valkyrie,
from Bristol, for Santa Rosalia.
Domestic Ports. *
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan 28-Schr John A
Campbell, for Newport. * •
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan Stmr Arago, hence
Jan 26. . , .
Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Areata, for San Francisco.
t USAL— Arrived Jan 28-atmr Newsboy, hence
Jan 27. .
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Jan 27-Schr Anna, from
Cllpperton Islands, for San Francisco
ASTORIA-Sailed Jan 28— Br ship Philemens,
for Queenstown; Br bark Powya Castle, for Queens
town. ■ .■:■■
Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Empire, hence Jan 24.'
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan . 28-Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
■ GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Jan 28-Schr Fannie
Adeie, for San Francisco; schr Orion, for San Fran
cisco. *
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Jan 28— Stmr
Excelsior, for San Di»eo.
**j Sailed Jan 28— Stm Excelsior, for San Francisco;
stmr Alcazar. ~ffiriiTfflrz_-tiil®P^tt
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 28-Br ship Scottish
Dales, for Puget Sound.
SOUTH. BEND— Jan 28-Schr. Melanc
thon, for Sati Francisco. '-■:;*
GREENWOOD— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Greenwood
for San Francisco.
Foreign Porta.
SAN BLAS— Arrived Jan 18— Schr Mary Bid
weil. hence Dec 29.
HOLYHEAD— SaiIed Jan 26— Br ship Jordan
hill, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— baiIed Jan 27— Br bark Orealla
for London. * . -
Arrived Jan 27— Br ship Belford, 1 hence Sept 15
PANAMA— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Costa Rica, for
Champerico; Jan Stmr san Juan, for San
Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 27— Br stmr China,
hence Dec 31. * "
Movements of Trans- Atlantio Steamers.
: NEW *i ORK— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Friesland,
from Antwerp: atmr Anchorla, from Glasgow. ,
•sailed Jan 28— Stmr t Saale, for ; Bremen: stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, on a Mediterranean excursion.
GENOA— Arrived out Jan 28— Stmr Werra.
importations. "■'■",
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— 34 bbls tallow, 3
bales gluestock. 2 bales hair, 223 bdls hides, . 1 bx
preserves, 1 bale ruga, 1 bbl whisky. 1 227 ska con
centrates, 108 bxs lemons, 1 bx wine, 6 bdls iron,"
10 pkgs mdse, 1 chest tea. 2 bxs nails, 6 cs min
eral water, 1 pkg woolens, 1 keg 3 bbls olives,* 881
bxs oranges. .
Redondo— 2s crts 291 bxs oranges. 4cs honey, A
bxs pictures, 3 bxs dried fruit, 1 bx dry goods, 1 cs
paper. 7 bxs lemons, 1 bx books, 1 pkg mdse.
Los Angeles via Redondo— l4 sks green peas, 2cs
whlrky, 17 pkgs mdse, 132 bbls pork, 1 bbl coffee,
408 cs lard, I bbl glassware, 1 cs P ware, 1 ca bak
ing powder. . '■■*','
Port Los Angeles— 3o3 sks corn, 9 sks peas, 6 sks
vegetables, Ibx tomatoes. ■
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 2o pkgs mdse,
9 cs tobacco, 23 sks chilles, 10 bxs oranges, 1 nbl
syrup, 50 cs soup, 11 cs hardware,* 1 cs advertis
ing matter.
Santa Barbara— 2 sks peppers, 68 bxs lemons, 1
keg butter, 15 sks crawfish.
Lompoc— l4 cs eggs, 3 bxs apples.
Port Harford— 34 cs eggs, 68 bxs butter, 1 pkg
mdse, 2 cs hides. 1 cs dry goods, 38 dressed calves,
26 bxs dried fruit, 9 sks prunes. 2 sks liver, 8 bxs
clocks, 12 bxs fish. 5 coops chickens. 1 cs wine, 1
bxelectrlcnl appliances. 1 coop poultry. 2 coops
turkeys, 1 bx dressed rabbits.
PORTLAND— Per South Coast— 23B poles, 46 M
It lumber, 75 M ft redwood lumber, 95 bxs apples,
70 sks potatoes.
Consignee*.
Per Santa Rosa-Lewis Packing Co: E W Alter,
man: "Wetmore Bros ' Cal & Nev Creamery Co; C B
Rode & Co: Dairymen's Union; O B Smith A Co;
Pacific Coast Syrup Co; J Baumgarten: Immel
ACo: A Bremp: Campodonico A Malcolm: Ben
nett A Murray: Baker A Hamilton; H A Lozier:
A Schilling A Co; Gray A Barbieri: Wolf A Son: L
Cahn A Sous; Gould A Jaudln; ('has Harley it Co;
0 CAN Co; Levi Spiegel Co; Ybarra Gold Min
ing Co: Goldberg, Bowen& Co; w B Sumner A Co:
i ft Stewart A Co: J W Goodwin; Gilbert Clements-,
L T Daniel: HO Greenhood; WT Smith: .1 M
Hixon: 11 Epstein; .1 D Daley: W B Sumner A Co:
J W Banbrjdge; G R Starr: E Adams A Son; JO
Rhine hart; Eveleth A Nash; M T Freitas A Co; W
il Nasler; A Gall! i-r.iit Co; D Biagi A Co; Pacific
Transfer Co; Sherwood A Sherwood : Louis James
Co: F II Ames: Del Monte Milling Co; J A More
land: Llevre, Frlcke ACo: Newmark A Edwards;
Wood, Curtis AC: L Scatena A Co: W 1* McCart
ney: I Bey; Krogh Bros Mfg Co; GW Turner; G
II Leghorn: Webb A Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: A
M Westwood: Bates A suydani; LXBixby: Ben
nett A Murray: Dairymen's Union; Allen A Lewis;
Garcia A Maggini ; Wellman, Feck A Co: order; a
B Reed ; C E Whitney A Co; APaladtnl: Page A
Son: American Union Fish Co; Wilson A Baechtel;
Milan! A Co: Sherry, Avilla A Co: Wltzel A Baker;
II Kirchmann A Co: J P Thomas: McMillan A
Hamilton; L Q Sresovlch A Co; Getz Bros A Co;
8 Levy A Co; II Heckman A Co; Kowalsky A Co;
Hills Bros; Norton, Teller A Co; Jonas Erlanger A
Co; Hilmer. Bredhofl A Schulz; Standard Oil Co :
Wheaton, Breon A Co; Brigham. Hoppe A Co; E J
Allen A Co; De Bernard! A Co: Cal Bottling Co: H
Waldeck: HDutard; Sinshelmer Bros ; Kavanaugh
A Co; Western Meat Co: Ross A Hewlett; Mar
shall, Heckman A Co; L D Stone A Co: W Mitch
ell: G Camilloni A Co; D M Bollman A Co; Pacific
Coast Furniture Co; J Hoffman; Western Union
Telegraph Co. -. -*'■ ■ -;■■■
Per South Coast— Alaska Packers' Asan; 71 W
Taylor; JII Cain A Co; Ross A Hewlett; Murray
A Steinbagen; McDonough A Runyon; J uanify.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPaJ t
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPAM
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3?*lx-»t Class 68.00
Second. Class ...ffeSOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office 4 New Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, PERKINS '__ CO.,
General Agenta. __
. —
O. _E*.-jdfcs IST-
ASTORIA ANDPOETLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at IB Mont*
gomery street.
Columbia sails January '.'9
State of California sails..... February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAID FROM. _£**■(&_
Broadway -wharf, ban Francisco, as SHE
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel. Juneau. Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. xl, Jan. 15, 30.
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. xt.
Jan. 6, 10, 16, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R.. at -Tacoma with N. F. R. R.,
at Seattle with G.N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fielda Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) atr. Pomona, 2 p. it., Jan. 'J. 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa,
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, a: 9 a. m., Jan.
4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 34, 28, and every fourth da.
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at * Fort Harford
San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
__. ___, Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guayrnas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. xt.. 25th of each month.
Ticket oflice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet. ■
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., GenT Agenta.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
■fg/gwrnm*-^ ■ Coolgardie gold fields
__*»*^to '^"fißll (freemantle). Anstra-
__t^_F__PUl\t.X-fi>.t> Utk - * 220 flrBt <****
*£*¥<y nnUn,N n , I ittji $110 steerage. Loweis
_W__i?^^sfe_* rn:cn to Capetown.
S Australian steamer,
lia; $220 first class,
i $110 steerage. Lowest
rates to Capetown,
Australian steamer,
_\-\\ £"■! Honolulu and Auck-
Vj3*£w-^^!£*SU-.>&&r •-leamsiiip Australia
day, 'c ebruary I 5, at 10
Ppiciai. Pabtiks. —Reduced special rates fot
parties Feb. 6 and 15, 1896.
. Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS <fc BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGmEGMERALETRAmTLANTiqUE
French Line to Havre. *',:.
COMPANY'S PIER NORTH /M
) River, foot of Mortonst. Travelers by fia_B_3J£
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
January 11. __
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon.'
.: January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P0ir0t,.... .'....
January 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
February 1 .
t&~ For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No- 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <8* CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ______________
WHiTE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BKTWKKS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVERY WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- iMa
ins to steamer and accommodations &________
selected ; second cabin, •■"''s and «40: Majestic and
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to Sap Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from Vf. 11. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General*! of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent ior Pacific Coast.
ROYAL BAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPANY.
QTEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL AgfU
b fortnightly for the West Indies and *2_\_____\
Southampton, calling en route at Csrbourgh,
; France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
i Through bills of lading, In connection with tha
i Pacific Sail 8. 8. Co., issued for freight and treaa.
■ ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth-
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
■___*. $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO.. Agents.
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. M. Daily, Except Sunday.
IT* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER.;:
T. C. Walker. J.D.Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 305. C\L Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO km MARE ISLAND.
STB. MONTICELLO,
©ally, except Sunday-io a. it, 4 m __
Sunday— B p.m.. . m
tandlnac, Mission I. Tlaw 8.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
SHOT AT HER HUSBAND.
A Barber's Wife Objected to His
Absence From His
Home.
■
-sMßHßwsmmti '
RECONCILED AT THE HOSPITAL.
. , s
A Youth Who Eloped With a Married
Woman Is Quickly Caught and
Lodged in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
907 Broadway, Jan. 28. J
Led by a little child to the room occu
pied by her recreant husband, Mrs. Bianchi
shot and tried to kill John Bianchi this
morning. The bullet made a serious
wound in the man's back. The woman
expressed some regret at the Receiving
Hospital and they went home together.
John Bianchi is a barber doing business
at the Newland House. He married his
present wife about six months ago and all
went well till about a month ago. Then
Bianchi stayed away from his home for a
couple of days at a time, and Mrs. Bianchi
obtained proof that her husband was not
as faithful as morals and law demanded.
She made several attempts to catch him in
his new quarters, but was not able to locate
him. This she did this morning with the
aid of a stepdaughter. Mrs. Bianchi's sis
ter was Bianchi'9 first wife, and it was the
child of her dead sister that was the means
this morning of rinding her husband.
As soon as the little child had shown
her stepmother where her father was Mrs.
Bianchi entered without ceremony and
lired point blank at her husband. The
bullet struck his left shoulder-blade and
glanced toward the right blade.
Bianchi at once grappled with his wife
and wrenched the pistol from her before
she had time to fire a second time. The
woman then half-swooned and was very
anxious to get her husband to the hospi
tal that his life, if possible, might be saved.
The doctors extracted the bullet, and in a
few weeks it is expected that Bianchi will
be no worse for his narrow escape.
At the hospital Mrs. Bianchi said : "Why
do you leave your lawful wife and run oft
with another woman? I meant to kill you
and then kill myself. That is what I
ought to have done. You have supported
me only poorly, and instead of saving our
money you have spent it for some other.
woman.'
Bianchi attempted to deny that there \
was another woman in tie "case, but his
wife at once declared that there were
garments in the room that were not usu- I
ally worn by men. Before they left, their \
differences weie patched up, and there !
will be no arrests made.
AN ELOPEMENT SPOILED.
A Youth Robs a Till and Flees With
Another Man's Wife.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 28.-William
Kelleher and Mrs. Van Sandt were ar
rested at Ingieside early this morning and
brought to Oakland later. Yesterday aft
ernoon Herman Kosta, a grocer, reported
to the police that his clerk, William Kel
leher, had gone, and so had the contents
of his cashbox, about $85. A little later
it was reported that .Mrs. Van Sandt, wife
of a lumber-yard employe, was also miss- i
in?.
Late last night a report was received by ]
the police that the couple hart been seen!
in San Francisco going toward the Ingle- ;
bide racetrack. Officer Lamping was de- ;
tailed to investigate, and he was accom- i
panted by Mr. Van Sandt. About 1 o'clock
this morning the guilty pair were located
at Jackson's resort, near the course. Tne
officer broke in the door, but before he
could get the handcuffs on Kelleher the
youth, who is not yet 18 years old, and
Van Sandt had become mixed. Lamping
separated them and took his prisoners to
the San Francisco prison for the night.
This morning they were brought to Oak
' land, and complaints have been riled
charzing both with grand larceny.
When arrested they both protested their
innocence, and a search of Kelleher only
produced a quarter. When the woman
was searched $72 was found secreted in
her stocking, and in her pocket was
Kosta's revolver. They are both very re
pentant.
CANAL OR HARBOR.
Delegate McLean of Alameda Not in
I'avor in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27. — Auditor
Snow has received a note from H. Wein-
Etock of Sacramento, secretary of the River
.and Harbor Improvement Association,
asking him to draw a warrant for the $250
appropriated by the Council to help pay
the expenses of Dr. McLean of Alameda
at Washington.
The Auditor has declined to draw the
Warrant and has forwarded the following
reply to Secretary Weinstock:
I am in receipt of your communication of the
25th Inst, with reference to the sum*;, §250
which the Council of this city has sought to
donate to the association which you represent.
Some taxpayers have objected to the payment
cf this sura out of the city treasury, nnd as
there is a question whether or not it is a legal
use of public funds, I will give the city tne
benefit of the doubt and respectfully decline
'to draw the warrant. lam of the opinion that
the objections of taxpayers have been made on
'account of the selection of a representative
who Is reported as being interested in less than
the whole of Oakland harbor.
Dr. McLean wants the tidal canal to get
the benefit of an appropriation and some
of the Oakland merchants want the har
bor improving first. They want deep
water to all of the wharves before the
canal is dredged through. Steps are being
taken to apprise Congressman Hiiborn of
the facts and to request him to see that
Dr. McLean does not benefit Alameda at
the expense of Oakland.
STUCK A KNIFK IN HIM.
How Dr. Crowley Scientifically Exam
ined Colonel Wet t ->t,-in
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— The trial of
Colonel A. Wettstein against the Southern
Tacific Company for $25,000 damages
brought out home interesting testimony to
day. Attorney A. A. Moore, for the com
pany, recalled Dr. Kuckein for cross
examination, and asked him why he
called an agent of the railroad company a
spy. The witness was asked if it neces-
Farily followed that because a man was
hunting for evidence that he was a spy.
The doctor said he did not know, but he
guessed he was not far wrong.
Dr. Crowley was the next witness. In
his testimony he said that ho carefully ex
amined the plaintiff as regards sensibility
to pain. '-I conducted the examination."
said be doctor, "by scratching the surface
of the foot. It is difficult to keep the foot
quiet during such an examination. .In
addition to this, 1 took a Knife and
thrust the blade into inflamed parts of
the foot when the patient was lying on
the perstlne table and the patient did
hot move. By breaking the skin I did
not find reflex, on the right leg that 1
would have found on the left leg." It was
also learned that the doctor charged $50
perday for expert testimony. The case
will last many days yet, as there are lots
of doctors to be heard.
A SAKE EXPLODED AT LAST.
A Neat but Very Cnprolitable Job in
Kast Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— The two lads
Who were so neatly caught the other night
with a new set of safe-cracking tools in
their possession are not the people who
have been cracking a safe about every other
night for a couple of weeks past. Last
night the safe of C. M.. Jenkins & Co., at
East Twelfth street, was blown open and
the door was completely separated from
its hinges. An entrance* was gained by a
skeleton key, as the door of the office was
not injured. The detectives are of the
! opinion that nitro-glycerine must have
! been used by the burglars. Judging by
I th. effect the explosion must have been
very heavy. Several articles of furniture
were broken and the office windows were
smashed. The- handle of the safe was
blown clear through a window of the
office into the main "building. The explo
sion, however, did not arouse any one in
the neighborhood. Officers Jacobus and
Nedderman, who are on duty in that sec
tion, did not hear it. •* .7 : .• _T
The burglar did not obtain any money
at ail, for the firm kept nothing in the safe
i but books and private papers. The mill
! where the explosion occurred is situated
! in the Commerce-street hollow, and prob
i ably on that account the explosion was not
! heard. Although half a dozen safes have
| been bored into daring the past two weeks,
| this is the first case "in which a fuse was
I used.
Mayrisch Is Free.
OAKLAND, Cai,., Jan. 23.— Ernest May
risch Jr. was acquitted by a jury to-day of
the charge of embezzlement brought
I against him by the late Grand Jury. To
| day J. Leo Parkes, a former deputy in the
! office, testified to the system employed
j and the possibility of error.
Deputy District Attorney Church re
| viewed the evidence and claimed that the
I facts showed that the shortage had oc
j curred in the accounts of which Mayrisch
i was in charge, and he had admitted that
,he was responsible for it. He asked for a
j verdict of guilty.
Attorney W. W. Foote argued for the
! defendant. He said there was no proof of
criminal intent. The evidence showed
that there was liability to error and that
Mayrisch's conduct had been that of an
honest man. He referred to the good
reputation of the young man and asked
■ the jury to restore him to his wife and
child and his parents cleared from the
stain which it was sought to fasten upon
him by a conviction of this crime. The
father, mother, wife and little son of the
defendant were in the courtroom and the
wife and mother were moved to tears by
Mr. Foote's plea.
Judge Frick occupied about an hour in
charging the jury. After being out about
fifteen minutes a verdict of "not guilty"
wae returned.
The Tables Turned.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— For several
days past there have been columns of mat
ter in the local papers calling attention to
the impassable condition of East Twelfth
street, the only highway into East Oak
land. As these communications and in
terviews were ail from property-owners
and reflected indirectly on the Council for
not having the street repaired, President
Manuel of that body has done some his
torical work in self-defense. He has pone
j back four years, and to-night he published
a statement that shows that every time
the Council has adopted a resolution to re-
I macadamize the street the property -owners
: have defeated if by protest!
At the Mncdonough.
| OAKLAND. CAL., Jan. 23.— "1n Old
i Kentucky" will come to the Maedonough
i next Monday lor three nights and a
i Wednesday matinee. Seats will be on
i sale next Thursday, January 30, and a
rush for tickets is assured. Popular prices
; will rule. February 6, Louis James comes
i for three nights and a Saturday matinee.
The Frawley Company will present on
; February 10 their latest triumph, "Men
and Women,*' for the testimonial benefit
i tendered Charles E. Cook.
Ended His Life.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 29.— Charles Beer
: ing, a young man who came to this city
six weeks ago, committed suicide at 12:30
o'clock to-night by shooting himself in the
i head. He went to the grounds of the
| Chabot Observatory and fired the shot
: that ended his life. " But little is known of
Beering. In his pocket was the address of
\ S. Berry, sixth floor, Mills building, San
Francisco.
Mrs. Harmon Gets Alimony.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Jan. 28.— 1n the- suit
of Frances E. Harmon against L. C. Har
mon for a divorce on the ground of cru
elty, the petition of plaintiff for alimony I
and counsel fees was heard to-day. An !
! allowance of $100 per month and $250 for '
fees was ordered. The parties live near j
San Leandro and Harmon is said to be
i worth $25,000. He claims he has given his
wife property worth $10,000.
For Calvin McDonald.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 28.— Calvin B.
McDonald, an old-time journalist who is !
now 72 years of age, is in want, and friends
are coming to his relief. Many subscrip
tions have been sent to his friends for his
benefit, and Under Sheriff Harlow will
probably act as trustee of the fund.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.'
Oali.akd Office San Francisco Call, '
908 Broadway, Jan. 28. )
There is to be a meeting of Republicans at
| Milton Hall on Friday evening, when steps
: will be taken to organize a Second Ward cam
paign club.
Edward Duffy, the alleged bigamist, who es
| caped from the County Jail May 21, while
• awaiting trial, is supposed to have shipped on
; the schooner Golden Shore, believed to have
; foundered at sea.
Twenty-four lien suits have been filed by the
; California Bridge Company on account of the
! assessment for the south line sewer at Lorin.
There are about sixty delinquents.
The bond of Mrs. Kate Kirkham Wheeler as
guardian of her mother, Mrs. Kate Edith
' Kirkham, was to-day reduced from $110,000
j to $30,000 upon the deposit of certain stocks
i and bonds with the Union Trust Company.
Harry A. Culhane has sued the Southern
j Pacific Company for $5000 . damages. While
j in the employ of the company he was hurt on
I January 27, 1891, in a collision while riding
j from the mole to the yard on a switch-engine.
Application has been made to the Superior
! Court for the removal of Attorney George 11.
Perry as assignee of the estate of Louis Meyer,
j the restaurant man of San Francisco, who is
| trying to secure a discharge irom insolvency.
Mrs. W. H. Jackson, daughter of J. A. Robin
! ssn of the County Clerk's office, who 13 teacher
of music at Hoitt's Oak Grove school, was a
passenger on the wrecked train near San Mateo ;
Sunday. She escaped without injury, save a
scare and shake-up.
Professor William Carey Jones, professor of
legal jurisprudence at the university , will ad
dies- the Alameda County Law Association to
morrow evening on the "Constitutional De
: cisions of the United States Supreme Court
, Since the Civil War." ...
! The German Savings and Loan Society has
i foreclosed a mortgage of $12,000 made by Susan
I Hays and Anson liars tow upon property on
, Central avenue near Prospect street, Alameda.
| The total amount, including principal, interest
: and costs, is $15,807.
S. S. Simon, the cowboy detective, who was
i sent to the County Jail for six months for hav
ing unstamped cigar." in his possession, has
made application to the Board of Supervisors
to be allowed thirty days' credit for good be
havior under the provisions of the Goodwin
net.
The will ot James McPeake, who died in this
City on January 17, wag iilcd for probate in the
Superior Court to-day. The deceased be
queathed a $1500 estate to his brother, Michael
Mcreake, "in exclusion of ail other relatives,
believing," the clause recites, ''that he is en
titled to the whole thereof." The property con
sists of a house and lot in East Oakland. "
Judge Ellsworth to-day made an order di
recting John Lo:d Love assignee of the insol
vent estate of Arthur \V. Bowman, and Nath
aniel J. iJritton to appear on February 10 and
show cause why a llnal. accounting should not
be filed and a payment of an 18 per cent divi
dend made upon the claim of .1. M. Mansfield.
Bowman was declared an insolvent eleven
years ago.
Large tracts of sand wastes are. now be
ing reclaimed along the Welsh coast.
Series of parallel fences am put up sea
ward, closely interwoven with wires and
furze, and spaces between these posts are
filled with earth and road-scrapings. In
these various trees, such as sycamore, •wil
low, pine and alder, are planted. while the
ridges are sown with gorse and broomsced
and planted with brier,-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
LADIES WITH A PURPOSE
1 ■-■:■. ■-..-.. -.-.
They Organize a League to Fur
ther Livermore's In
terests.
AHE NOW ACTIVELY AT WORK.
The Development of tiie Corral Hollow
Mines Is Progressing Very
Rapidly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Jan. 28. j
Since the active work of developing the
Corral Hollow coal mines has been going
on Livermore has become the central point
of interest in the interior of the county.
To aid in bringing into publicity the many
resomces of the fertile valley and to help
Mrs. Emma B. Coffman, Vice-President, and Mrs. -Mac I. Beck, President of the
Ladies' League of Progress of Livermore Valley.
[Reproduced from photographs taken by the Livermore Herald.]
the progress of the town the ladies have
just organized the Ladies' League of Pro
gress.
The league was formally started a few
days ago, and is already outlining work of
a practical nature. The society elected
Mrs. Mac I. Beck president. She is a
native of Livermore Valley, a graduate of
ohe of the best known Pacific Coast sem
inaries and a lady of spirit and culture.
Mrs. Coffman, the vice-president, a lady
of culture and grace of manner, fittingly
represents the valley women, whose co
operation with the public-spirited women
of the town is the scheme of the league.
Mr?. Bistorious is secretary of the
league. She is a business woman, and
from that standpoint, as well as from her
interest in the social and moral growth of
the community, she is earnestly inter
ested in the new society. Mrs. Gordon,
the treasurer, was from" the first one of
the most active promoters of the new so
ciety. The first work that the ladies have
undertaken is the organization of a public
library and free reading-room. The va
rious branches of home industry will be
taken up by the Ladies' Leacue arid every
thing possible will be done to further the
interests of the valley.
During the past few weeks much work
has been done at the Corral Hollow mines,
and the outlook is more favorable the
farther the work proceeds. The veins
bave been traced and explored for over
sis miies and many tunnels and shafts
have been sunk. A large shaft is now
being sunk at the rate of live feet a day.
It will be 300 feet deep and 11 by 22 feet
square. It is estimated that there is coal
enough in the mines to supply the needs
of the State for the next fifty years.
In order to build the projected road from
Oakland to the Corral Hollow mines a long
ENTRANCE TO A 3000 -FOOT TUNNEL, CORRAL HOLLOW COAL MINES.
tunnel will be necessary, but Mr. Tread
well and the engineers are not at all dis
mayed at this. The work done on the
mine has thoronchly demonstrated tie
formation through which it will pass, so
that they arc in a position to prove that a
double-track tunnel can be built and tim
bered for $20 per foot and that it can be
built at the rate of twenty-five to thirty
feet per day. working from. 'both ends, so
that it could be completed in eight or nine
months. No expense is being spared on the
road now in course of construction. The
steel drawbridge across the San Joaquin
will be one of the best in the State. All
other parts of the road are being equally
solidly built, and in view of the fact that
a much inferior road would answer the
purpose of a coal-carrier the belief that it
will be pushed through to San Francisco
seems to be fully warranted.
WILL BE A NEW REGISTER.
Clerk Jordan' Says Voter la In Fear
of Being Disfranchised.
Oakland Office Pax Francisco Call
T 908 Broadway, Jan. 28. f
No one will be disfranchised because the
county cannot legally make an appropria
tion to get out a new . great register. All
the published opinions of politicians and
others cut no ; figure - with County Clerk
Jordan. The hitter said:
; There will .he danger of many losing the
right to vote through the cancellation of the
great register. As I am the one most deeply
interested in. this matter, of registration,/!
will say, and I want it distinctly understood
by all taking any interest in the matter what
ever, that I will get out the new great register
without a dollar's expense to this county, and
every man who is entitled to vote will be reg
istered. As far as cancellation of the old great
register is concerned, it was upon my repre
sentation and at my desire that the Board of
Supervisors canceled it, and I will cheerfully
assume all responsibility in that connection.
As every one knows who . has had occasion to
examine the present great register, it is a
shame and disgrace to the county. There are
several thousand names on that register that
do not belong there, and to attempt to purge
the old great register with the information
that I have at hand would be a. most unsatis •
factory task, and in the end would only result
in criticism and dissatisfaction.
I have nearly six months in which to regis
ter the voters of this county, some 22,000 in
number, and I have no fear but that, I will be
able to put every man on the register. I am
now taking time by the forelock, and am pre
paring the affidavit of every voter whose name
appears on the last great register and also in ;
the directory of Oakland, Alameda and Berke
ley. In addition to that, I am sending to
prominent people throughout the county the
precinct register of country districts, and they
arc taking the names of those who are bona
fide residents and voters. When these marked
registers are returned to me affidavits will be
prepared for them also.
On the Kith day of February at least 15,000
affidavits will be mailed throughout the
county, together with these affidavits will go
instructions to the voter as to the course to
take in order to get his name on the register.
In the country, prominent, intelligent and re
liable gentlemen have, as much for the accom
modation of the people in 'their respective lo
calities as to help me, kindly consented toad
minister the oath necessary to each voter
applying for registration and to have the
affidavit when perfected forwarded to this
office. I expect to have in nearly every pre
cinct in this county from two to ten responsible
representative citizens who will assist in the
matter of registration. No one need have any
uneasiness whatever in regard to this registra
tion waiter. ;.*..--*
THE WOMAN`S FEDERATION
Dr. Weil Takes Exception to
the Statements .of Its
v Committee.
He Points Out Their ' Ignorance in
Speaking of Keeping the In
struments in Cases.
The report of Mrs. J. B. Bruner, pre
sented to the Woman's Federation at its
meeting on Monday night, giving an ac
count of a visit to the Receiving Hospital,
afforded more amusement than annoyance
to Dr. Weil, the head surgeon, and his as
sistants.
The statements in the report were al
most entirely at variance with the state
ments made by Mrs. Fa w, one of the com
mittee, at the time of the visit.
"The statement that the hospital was in
charge of boys." said Dr. Weil yesterday,
"is not in accordance with the fact*?. It is
never in charge of boys. That day Dr.
Fitzgibbon was absent by permission at
the funeral of a relative, but Dr. Helms,
the interne appointed by the Board of
Health, was in charge. In the Afternoon
Dr. Helms received a telegram that his
mother was seriously ill, and he left in
time to catch a train. I toid the steward
to call me by telephone if any cases came
in, and I attended to two cases/till Dr.
Thompson and Dr. Stice reported on duty
at their usual hour.
! "It is all nonsense for them to talk about
! keeping the instruments in small cases
j and it shows their ignorance. This is an
; emergency hospital and the instruments
: must be kept where they can be reached
at any moment. It would be no ? advan
i tage in regard to rust to keep the instr„
--| ments in small cases, and it is much easier
, to see rust on them in the wav they are
I kept here than if they were kept in small
I cases.
.''l admit that our instruments are poor
i and I have drawn the attention of the
j Board of Health to the need of better
ones, and until we get them we have to do
the best we can.
"They say there was no woman about
the place when,' as. a matter of fact, .Mrs.
Keane, the matron, was with them for
some hours and gave them all the infor
mation they, asked. I cannot understand
why, they could have.made such erroneous
statements."
* — _* »
Armenia, which is now playing so im
portant a part in the politics of the world,
is an indefinite extent ,of country — its
boundaries being * variously estimated to.
contain all the way from 50,000 to 150.0C0
square miles. Part ; of it ; is in .Asiatic
' Turkey and part in Russia and Persia,
WRITES TO THE STUDENTS
Regent Reinstein Lays His
Plans Before the Berkeley
Collegians.
EXPRESSES FAITH IN THEM.
Important Meeting of the Town Board.
To Determine Who Are Cham
pions News Notes.
' BERKELEY, Cai-., Jan. ■ 28.— An open
letter to Berkeley students from Regent J.
B. Reinstein , in which he gives his plans for
carrying out the proposed new improve
ments to the campus, was published in
this morning's issue of the university
daily. The communication was of con
siderable length, and pointed out in detail
the many improvements needed on the
grounds and those which are possible to be
made by the "student labor." " The let
ter was intended to furnish the students
with a complete and succinct outline of
just what they will be expected to do when
they don the blue jeans and line up as a
pick-and-shovel brigade.
There has been much anxiety on the part
of the students to Know at what date the
work will be commenced and how they
will be organized to carry it on.
In his letter the regent said :
Time when work will begin depends on the
rapidity with which Professor Hilgard can
safely remove the valuable plants and growths
on the lines of the new entrance after this line
is surveyed and staked out. This should not
take longer than ten days from this date.
The proposed programme of-student labor is to
use the military organization— simply to have
students fall in in their respective companies
under the leadership of Mr. McLaren at 8 a. m.
The entire male student body will then be di
vided into two squads— tirst to work from 8 to 10
o'clock, second from 10 to 12. The first squad
will then work from 1 to 3 o'clock, second
squad 3 to 5, which will give four hours for
each squad, two hours at a time with three
hours' rest. This plan was suggested by one
of the students and seemed in every way a de
sirable one. pup:-
The work will consist solely of picking,
shoveling and wheelbarrowing, the cutting of
any pines or bridge-building being done pre
liminarily, zy
There will be an experienced workman with
each squad.
A complete cessation of university work Is
contemplated for the two, three or "four days
the work is going on. This, however, has not
been finally decided.
In relation to the willingness and pur
pose on the part of the students to live up
to their word when they shouted with one
voice, "We will," and to allay any misap
prehension on the part of those who do
not believe that the student body meant
what they said, he stated :
There is just a tinge of doubt in the minds of
some of the regents who are not graduates of
the university as to the ability— possibly even
the willingness— of the students to do the work
anticipated of them.
I know and heartily assure the student-body
that the doubt is not intended as a reflection
on them, but I believe it gives a desirable op
portunity to convince all concerned of tho
"powers ano purposes" of the students of Cali
fornia University.
Trustees' Meeting.
At the meeting of the Board of Town
Trustees last night, A. D. Wilder of the
Southern Pacific Company appeared to
protest against the ordinance limiting the
speed of trains in Berkeley to ten miles an
hour, :A..4pp
* Mr. Wilder stated that, if such regula
i tions were enforced, it would be necessary
for his company to reduce the number of
trains, as, with a maximum speed of ten
miles, the trains could not complete the
trip from the mole to Berryman and re
turn in the time allotted to them. Tne
matter was referred to a special commit
tee, to be reported upon at the next board
meeting. T7.T- '
Attorney W. H. Waste addressed the
board in behalf of the protestants against
the new license ordinance relating to the
taxation of vehicles. A petition signed by
forty-four names was presented asking for
the "repeal of the section touching on vehi
cles.
A letter was read from Attorneys Fitz
gerald and Abbott of Oakland addressed to
the Town Attorney with reference to John
Casey's application for a liquor license,
which the board had refused to grant.
The attorneys stated that Casey had
placed the matter in their hands, and that
if nothing was done toward granting his
application they would be compelled to
take the matter into court and have it de
termined whether a board of trustees has
the power to deny without any reason
therefor the application of any one to sell
liquor when there are no protests or any
thing to show that the applicant is not en
titled to the permission.
Bills to the amount of $1181 44 were al
lowed from the general fund and $188 56
from the road fund.
The board will meet next Saturday even
ing as a committee of the whole to con
sider the question of water rates.
Who Are the Champions?
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 28.— Arthur W.
North, when elected president of the West
ern Intercollegiate Amateur Athletic As
sociation, said that he had a scheme to
benefit athletics.
This scheme took form at the meeting
of the association held in Chicago January
17, from which word has just been re
ceived. President North had called the
meeting to organize the executive com
mittee and to consider his promised plan.
The committee organized as follows:
President, A. W. North, University of
California; vice-president, P. L. Blodgett,
Orinnell College, Iowa; secretary, G. A.
Bliss, University of Chicago; treasurer, C.
M. Lewis, University of Illinois; and W.
B. Allison, State University of lowa W.
B. Kay, Northwestern University; 11. F.
Cochems, University of Wisconsin. ,
'■■_■ North's proposition was that the W. T.
A. A. A. take steps toward forming an
alliance with the I. A. A. A. A. to hold an
annual championship contest between the
individual winners of the two associations,
which was adopted. ffiffij^JPgfljjjM^
This has been North's pet plan since his
return from the East with the U. C. track
team, and hehascorrpsponded with Caspar
Whitney, John V. Crum, Captain Sheldon
and other noted athletes in regard to it. '/■'
If the I. A. A. A. A. adopts this proposi
tion it will become possible to say who are
the real collegiate champions of the
United States, whereas at the present time
it is quite impossible.
Crushed by a Dray. .
BERKELEY, Cal;. Jan. 28.- A. W.
From, a drayman, is lying at his home on
Eighth street seriously injured as the re
sult of an accident which occurred yester
day. He was driving down University
avenue when one of the front wheels of
his dray ran into a hole, throwing him
beneath the wheels. He was found lying
in the road in an "unconscious condition.
Upon being removed to his home it was
discovered that his face was badly bruised
and his head cut, while there was a huge
gash on his left leg where one of the
arteries was severed. The physician states
that it will be a considerable length of
time before the injured man will be able
to go about his work again.
i Crescents- Ladles' Night.
BERKELEY, Cal m Jan. 28.— The Cres
cent Athletic Club has decided. not to give
a gentlemen's night, but instead a ladies'
night will be given .on February 6. ■< The
programme will be made up of an athletic
exhibition and vocal and instrumental
'music, followed by a dancing party.
. A Big Center Coining.
BERKELEY, ''ai.., Jan. 28.-The Uni
versity of California football team has the
I prospect of having for next fall a big cea
ter rush in the person of Birdsall of Sacra- ■
mento. He weighs over 200 pounds and
stands 5 feet 10 inches in height. He has
had considerable experience in the Sacra
mento Athletic Club eleven and in the
High School team. -T >
The Berkeley team is in great need of
heavy men for the center, and they are
confident that the acquisition of Birdsall
will be much to their advantage. -/.
Singers to Play Ball.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 28.-The Uni
versity Glee Club sent a challenge to the
football team yesterday for a game of
baseball. The challenge has been ac
cepted, and Saturday, February 8, set as
the day for the contest of the warblers
and the pigskin chasers. . 'p'-pA-
WEDDING OF MISS WAITE
A Daughter of the Late Secre
tary of State United to
W. C. Bryan.
Wires Not to Be Cut in Alameda in
Order to Permit the Moving
of Houses.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23.— Edith
Waite, youngest daughter of the late E. G.
Waite, Secretary of State, was married on
Monday evening last to William C. Bryan
of Sacramento. The ceremony took place
at the residence of the bride's mother, 2026
Central avenue, and Rev. W. W. Scudder
of the First Congregational Church offi
ciated. The groom is prominent in rail
road circles of the capital city and the
MOTTO OF THE ALAMEDA GIRLS — "YOU SHAN'T!"
young couple will settle there to Jive, hay- : i
ing a home all prepared for their recep- i
tion.
An Ordinance Void. y :
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 28.— A house- j i
mover named Henderson had a contract
last summer to move a house from a point I
on San Antonio avenue to a point on i
Santa Clara avenue. There is a municipal !
ordinance which requires that buildings j
that are being moved must be' moved I
across railway tracks between the hours of j
12 o'clock midnight and 5 a. m., so as not.
to interrupt traffic, and that the wires of
electric railways must be cut when de
mand for it is made. Henderson got the j
house on the tracks one night and could I
not get it off before 9 o'clock, the next
morning. There was a consequent Dlock- |
ade of the electric railway, and the man
ager sued the house-mover to recover dam
ages therefor, together with costs. : .p : .A
The trial took place before Recorder St. I
Sure, who rendered a decision favorable to !
the railway and declaring the house-mov
ing ordinance to be invalid. The decision j
recites that an ordinance granting a fran- i
chise to the electric railway was first i
granted and that the house-moving ordi- I
nance, so-called, is an infringement of the !
rights granted by the franchise ordinance j
and was therefore of no force.
; The Recorder assessed the damages re
sulting from cutting the wire at $30 and
lost fares because of the forced idleness of
the road at $10 more, making a total of $40 :
which the company was entitled to collect, j
Cost of "electric Light.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 28.— Some idea j
may now be obtained of the amount of j
money that is likely to be spent by the
municipal board in expanding and enlarg
ing the city's electricjplant. On Monday
night proposals to erect the additional
building and to furnish machinery were
opened. The lowest bid for the building
was $1970 and the lowest bid for engine
and boilers was $14,767. That includes no
electrical machinery nor the setting up
and starting of the new plant. Before it is I
ready to run $20,000 at least will have been
expended in construction. Last year $19,- |
000 and upward was expended in con
struction with the result that but little was
accomplished and as much more money is
now necessary to meet the requirements.
Items of Interest.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 28.— John Wil
son, for several years engaged in the
butcher business in Alameda, died last
Sunday at his home in Columbia of con- I
sumption.
i Ernst Mayrisch has a great many ;
friends," who "last night warmly congratu- ;
lated him on his acquittal of the charge of j
embezzlement, brought because of the
shortage in the County Treasurer's office, i
The ordinance prohibiting the mainte
[ nance of vegetable and truck fields within
certain boundaries has been repealed, with
the understanding that it be re-enacted in !
the autumn. It was working a hardship, I
as many gardeners had leased land and
prepared it for crops.
. The funeral of J. T. Gray will take place
to-day (Wednesday) at 10:30 o'clock.
The City Clerk has served notice on all
city officials to move into the new City
Hall on or before February 1.
— — -• — —
A Few Concise Thought*).
It is a waste of time to put coal on the
furnace with sugar tongs. Try a shovel.
To prevent children losing their mittens i
or gloves whip them. with a stout stick.
A wash boiler should not be left in the !
drawing-room, especially if guests are ex
pected.
A sleeping apartment cannot be suffi
ciently ventilated by the windows in a
neighbor's house.
To restore a tarnished conscience remove
it from its solution of lie and polish vigor
ously with unadulterated truth.
It is wiser not to attempt to make a
grand piano at home. A more satisfactory
article may be .obtained at any reliable
manufactory.
It is no longer considered good form to
carry home from a dinnet party the
spoons and forks because you happen to j
like the pattern.
, To keep your children's teeth from de
caying have them extracted while the lit
tle ones are still at a tender age. Lay them
away in some cool, dry place.
No woman can hope to retain competent ;
servants if she expects them to sleep in
the refrigerator. ' Give them a comfortable
bed upon the back doorstep, airy and well
lighted.— -St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
. ... * — — _, . .
; Xenophon's Ten Thousand went 600 miles
in thirty days; the Romans, marching
against Hasdrabul in the second Punic
war, covered 250 miles in seven days, and
the troops of Severs* only occupied forty
days for a inarch of 800 miles. The only
modern instance given -to match these
feats is an expedition of Cromwell's,
whose troops got from Edinburgh to j
Worcester at. an average speed of twenty
miles a day.
THE BACHELORS DISBAND
A Graceful but.Complete Capitu
lation by the Alameda
Club.
FOUR OF THE MEN ENGAGED.
It Is Expected That the Leap-Year
Wedding List Will fie the Great
est on Record.
The Alameda Bachelors' Club has given
up the leap-year fight and disbanded. It
is said that four of the members have be
come engaged since the girls announced as
an ultimatum that kissing would be per
mitted only after betrothal, and these
members and some of the others secretly
agreed that the self-imposed system of
fines could not be maintained during the
year.
Complete and "unconditional is the capit
ulation.
The girls have won their victory, and it
is the rule in the beautiful cily of the En
cinal that there is to be no more ante
engagement kissing until 1897. It is ex
pected that the wedding list will be twice
as great as during any previous year, for
the present surrender on the part of m»n
has been graceful and unanimous, and tha
conflict has exposed the seriousness of be
ing eligible to a bachelors' club.
It was all prearranged before the final
meeting of the vanquished organization,
and when the members came together
they all knew the club was to be dis
banded.
Postmaster Stoddard, according to the
report made public yesterday in Alameda,
began the proceedings by moving that the
reading of the minutes of the preceding
meeting be dispensed with.
'Burn 'em up!" and "We don't want to
hear them were among the shouts heard
in response, and then President Smiley
made a speech. He said, in part:
I had hopes th.it this club would rill a long
felt want and accomplish an abundance of
good for its members, but I realize that I was
sadly mistaken. The experience of the last
: four days has taught me a sad lesson. If this
tning keeps up much longer life will cease to
have any charm whatever For me.
Judge St. Sure and Lawyer Simpson
| arose simultaneously to say that if the
I club were to be disbanded the proceedings
j should be in a legal manner, so as to leave
no doubt that the organization had gone
out of existence.
Others told of their personal hardships
during the trouble, and then suddenly a
motion to adjourn sine die was carried
with a wild hurrah and the members hur
ried away to tell the enemy all about it.
Ejtgs, when lightly cooked, are much
easier for an invalid to digest than when
eaten raw, besides being pleasahter to the
| taste. _£S&9
NEW TO-DAY.
Telegram from Russia:
" SEND TO ANITCHKOFF PALACE,
ST. PETERSBURG, IMMEDIATELY,
ONE DOZEN YIN MARIANI, FOR
HER IMPERIAL MAJESTY, IM-
PRESS OF RUSSIA."
Ordered by tbe Court Physicians.
A~iubsequent letter, ordering a further sup.
ply of fifty bottles "Yin Mariani," states that
11. 1.M. the Empress of Russia h?.s derived th©
greatest benefit from its use.
"The Ideal Tonic Wine." ■ ■'; '
Fortifies, Nourishes and Stimulates
the Body and Brain.
It restores Health, Strength, Energy
and Vitality.
Avoid Substitutions. Ast for " Yin Miriam" it all Dmjjli!*.
For Descriptive Book with Portraits and testi-
mony of noted Celebrities, write to
MARIANI & CO., .2. W. 16th St., __?T o:*.
Fabii: 41 I.l. Ilaiisuj<»'.i>
London : 13. Oxford SUtA.
g. I 11 1 11 _» j I JU»ltJ^|i_iLU^__L l _.UUJ_<B»_tr_«__ty
L_r_a-_'.T_'tit________niiinT i — B__B— __F*«M
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Room 1, 032 "Market St.. San Francisco.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac ami specific tonic for ths
sexual and urinary organs of both . sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases or the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Sells on Its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials neeessnrv. - sMS*V
NAB_*K, AI.FS J. BRINK. Agent*,
323 Market St.. S. _.— (send for Circular.)
AUCTION SALES.
M. MARCUSE, AUCTIONEER,
gp^fe; 918 Broadway, Oaklaad.'gVWh
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE
OK THK
SUNSET MANUFACTURING CO.
TO-MORROW.
Thursday. .....January 30, 1390.
At 10:30 a. if., at
207 and 209 Sacramento St., Cor. Davis,
"■kin Fraaclaoo. ..:-. •
. Stock comprises, r.-ady ior market, Alaskan Seal
Oil Dressing, Flavoring extracts. Inks and Otis.
Also, Furniture. Machinery, Copper Kettles. La-
bels, Corks. Bottles, etc.* Terms Cash. ""ale abso-
lute. M. MAKCUSE, Auctioneer.
1314
HOME INDUSTRY EXHIBIT.
Manufacturers' Association De
termined to Hold a Grand
Fair.
A RIVAL TO THE INSTITUTE.
A Big Pavilion Will Be Built and
Filled With Home Products
This Spring.
The internal differences among the
members of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association have been straight
ened out, and that body has taken up the
cudgels against the Mechanics' Institute.
This action will assume the shape of the
construction of another big pavilion and
the conducting of an exposition to rival
the annual Mechanics' Institute fair.
Yesterday the active members of the
association held a very important meeting
and three matters were discussed and dis
posed of — the settling of interna! differ
ences, the Japanese cheap goods matter
and the holding of a home industry expo
sition in March and April.
At the last meeting of the directors it
■was decided to hold the annual conven
tion of the association in February, and
the by-laws were changed so as to permit
of holding an electi on of directors then in
stead of in September. The stockholders
met yesterday and declined to fully in
dorse* the action oi the directors who
voted to change the by-laws, which, when
revised, fixed the annual meeting for next
month. This indefinitely postponed the
holding of the convention. The amend
ment with regard to the manner in which
directors shall be nominated was ap
proved.
The stockholders' meeting adjourned
and a meeting of the directors was held,
which was marked by manifestations of
co-operation and harmony.
The special committee appointed to
comer with a committee to investigate
the invasion of this country presented its
report, which contained a statement of all
that took place at the joint committee
meetings, also the special reports of J. P.
Currier, w. F. Bowers, Wakefield Baker,
Julian Bonntag, W. B. Curtis and William
Rutherford. Thecommittee presented the
following resolutions adopted by the joint
committee:
"Resolved, That this committee report to their
respective bodies, Including in such report the
reports made by the Bub-committees, and also
that of Mr. Rutherford, and urge upon the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association ami
the Chamber of Commerce to request the Cali
fornia delegation in the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States to recom
mend the appointment of a committee of three
to investigate the question of Japanese manu
facture importations and export trade; and
'■Resolved, rhattthis committee recommend
to the Chamber of Commerce and the .Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association that a
mass-meeting be held in the Chamber of Com
merce at the very earliest date possible, in or
der to set before the people the position we now
occupy toward Japan."
And having presented these resolutionss,
your committee hope that this board of direc
tors will take the matter up immediately and
follow out the suggestions contained in said
resolutions.
These resolutions were indorsed and the
same committee was instructed to carry
out its suggestion of keeping the ball roll
ing. These gentlemen will in a few days.
in conjunction with those of the Chamber
of Commerce, set to wo.'k to arrange for a
general anti-Japanese mass-meeting, at
which the situation will be put in shape to
present to Congress in the form of a
memorial.
But little time was lost in transacting I
all this business, for the directors were |
anxious to fire a broadside into the Me- i
chanics' Institute on the exposition mat- '■
ter. At the previous meeting it was de
cided to hold a home industry exposition
and a committee, consisting of M. Mc-
Glynn, L. R. Mead and 8. H. lacy, was
appointed to see the directors of the in
stitute for the purpose of renting the Me
chanics' Pavilion for six weeks in March
and April. The directors of the institute
refused to rent the big nuildintr, stating
that the proposed exposition would inter
fere with the institute fair later in the
year. However, the institute people sug
gested that the association's members
could exhibit their products at the insti
tute fair. The committee, in presenting
its report, said:
Your committee deeply regret that the direc
tors of The Mechanics' Institute have denied
our request, for we feel that such an exposi
tion held under the auspices of this associa
tion would be productive of great good to the
State, the cause the association is laboring for,
and would be of great assistance to the associ
ation as well. The proposed exposition has
already attracted attention throughout the
State. It is being favorably noticed by the
interior press. Word comes to us that in Berke
ley a manufacturer is already preparing for
an exhibit, and application has been made for
space from Los Angeles. For these reasons
your committee would suggest that the refusal
of the directors of the Mechanics' Institute
•should not cause an abandonment of the pro
ject. A tack-down at this time would mean a
heavy setback to the home industry move
ment.
This brought Julian Sonntag to his feet
and he said :
I do not consider the Mechanics' Institute a
representative California body. At its fairs
Eastern manufacturers receive the same if not
more attention than California manufacturers.
It claims to be a mechanics' institute, but the
working men are debarred from seeing the
lair by the exorbitant admission fee charged
at the door. What we want is to present an
exhibit of California-made goods and articles
and have California men, women and children
consumers, both rich and poor, see what can
be produced on this coast. lam in favor of
holding our home industry exhibit in March
and April.
M. J. Keller had a complaint to make of
the way the institute fairs are conducted.
He claimed that he had been an exhibitor
at those fairs, and had not been fairly
treated by the committee on awards, and,
in conclusion, added that he did not be
lieve that the institute people know how
to treat the public decently.
Several others spoke in the same man
ner, and they all favored holding a home
industry exhibition as previously planned.
It did not take long to frame resolutions
to this effect, and the directors cou.d not
resist the temptation of punching a pin
into the institute in the wording of the
resolutions, which areas follows:
Whereas, This association has requested
that the Mechanics' Institute rent to this asso
ciation during the months of March and April
for the purpose of holding a home industry ex
position the building known as Mechanics'
Pavilion in this City, and whereas, the board
of trustees of the MecLanics' Institute have
seen fit to refuse to grant said request, and
whereas, it is the sense of the board of direc
tors that the Mechanics' Institute and the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
should work together in the common cause of
promoting the industries of California and
whereas, it is the further sentiment of this
board of directors that no work has ever been
contemplated that would aid said industries to
the extent that this proposed exposition would
be it '
Resolved, That this association through Its
board of directors regrets exceedingly that the
board of trustees of the Mechanics* Institute
has taken such action, and be it further
Resolved, That this association do hold in the
City and County of San Francisco during the
months of March and April of this year or as
soon after as possible an exposition of Califor
nia manufactures and products, and be It fur
ther
Resolved, That the secretary of this associa
tion send a copy of these resolutions to the
bOard of trustees of the Mechanics' Institute.
As soon as the foregoing was adopted
the directors discussed what they could do
in the way of obtaining a suitable place
for such an exposition as is contemplated.
Nothing smaller than the Pavilion will
answer the purposes. The sentiment of
the members was that it would be advis
able to lease a large lot for live years at
least and construct thereon a large story
and a half structure. This can be used
tve/y year for a home industry exposition
which the association proposes to hold.
The means for such an undertaking are not
lacking, so they say. Besides, the ex
hibitors would pay enough to meet the
expense for the privilege of advertising
their goods.
It was the sense or the meeting to build
a structure tnat would rival the Pavilion
for miscellaneous patronage, such as
political meetings, horse shows and kin
dred attractions, which would help out in
the item of expenses. The determination
is to fight the institute on every turn pos
sible.
In order to get more information Chair
man Scott appointed Bowers, Mead and
'lacy to look into such matters as the cost
of constructing an exposition building,
leasing land, etc. 47 : - 7
McGlynn. Sproule and Mead were ap
pointed a special committee to alter the
by-laws and constitution so as to permit
the association holding- property.
MUST WORK IN FUTURE
The Mayor Will Keep a Vigilant
Eye on the City Hall
, Janitors.
Auditor Broderick Questions the May
or's Nerve and Gets a Sharp
Answer.
The City Hail janitors and their worth
and unworth were discussed at the meet
ing of the Board ol New City Hall Com
missioners yesterday, and it was decided
that in future 'the ' City Hall employes
whose duties are to keep the corridors and
rooms clean must do more work and less
loafing. The matter came up when Mayor
Sutro remarked that the main stairway is
so dark that he has to feel his way down
with his cane to avoid falling and break
ing his neck.
"I suppose," continued Creswell, "that
you are unaware of the fact that there is a
broad skylight over the staircase. The
layers of dirt on it are so thick that if you
were not told you would never suspect that
there was glass overhead. Now if the jani
tors in this building would play a hose on
that glass those stairs would no longer be
in Stygian darkness."
"Well, we ought to do something about
that." said the Mayor.
"Not we, but you," replied Creswell.
"You are the president oi the Board of
Supervisors."
"Well. I'll call their attention to the
matter," said the Mayor.
"As Mayor of this City you can do much
more than that," remarked Auditor Brod
erick.
The Mayor looked at the Auditor as if he
wanted a suggestion.
"As Mayor of this City you can walk
, around this building and wherever you
find that a man has not been doingnis
duty yon can discharge him.''
The Mayor again promised to attend to
the matter.
"All you want is a little nerve to make
this quite a respectable-looking building,"
said Broderick.
"Nerve!" gasped the Mayor, as if
amazed to find that any one disputed his
possession of nerve.
"Yes, a little backbone," added the
Auditor.
"Why, I've got the nerve to make any
body do right, even though it were Hunt
ington or you!" declared the indignant
Mayor.
"Well, just apply a little of it to the
janitors."
The Mayor said he w6uld see in future
that the janitors do their work.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
-110 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opea
anttl 9 o'clock.
tSIB Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
119 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
J-OTICE OF MEETINGS.
Et^**"""*- .MISSION LODGE NO. 189, F. A
tt-JS' and A. M. — Called meeting THIS £_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30""#2f
o'clock. Second degree. By order of the r^F\
W. M. 0. P. BUNKER, Secretary.
IK'S* CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. a
U*-*' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 p. m. D. 2. By'sTV
order of the W. M. ' r%?S
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
•_""»*- MEMBERS OF _ TpTrKER~TX^S_w
■P-^ Lodge No. -124, 1. 0.0. F., are^^^^i
hereby notified to meet in the lodge- 7 "
room at 1 o'clock p. xt., WEDStS-:*^' ll^*'
DAY, January 29th, to attend the funeral of
Brother ENGWER.
J. L. GEARY JR., Noble Grand.
ft_f, VERBA BUENA LODGE NO. ~— - -
v>*S' 15, I. O. O. F.— lnitiation A/7/&___{*_>
THURSDAY* EVENING. January 30. :3^S^9?
Also final consideration of amendment 'Wi'w^
to the by-laws. __. G. Ha KRISON, N. G.
M. 8. .1 ii 1 1 us Jr., Recording Secretary.
f^
As-*** O. i). F. — Initiation I I S^^^rt**
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Jan.29. fl£*S§l§?
A full attendance is requested. Visi- '*'^'wfir&*'* 1 *
tors cordially invited. By order.
C. BRi.vn, Itec. Sec. CHAS. H. FICKE, N. G.
__f* KNIGHTS OF THE RED ~j~,
«k~-*>" Branch, attmtion! Important busi- jfT.
ness will <o:ne before the meeting THlSt_?_P_4
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Every mem- *s*£»*
ber of the order is requested to be present.
ffi-T-**?*- MASTER MARINERS' BE-,- _
Ur^&" nevolent Association — Regular ,'\ "fe" J^--
meeting of the rbove association will be }fc*-__ii
held at. hall, 121 Post St., WEDNESDAY *— —
EVENING. January 29. All members are earn-
estly requested to be present, as important busi-
ness will come ud for debate.
L. TRAIN*;. Recording Secretary.
sipg= THE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF
»*-V Golden Rule Lodge, Knights and Ladles of
Honor, are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
ourlate sister, MRS. MARGERY A. DUNLAP,
from her late residence, 8 Fair Oaks st., on
THURSDAY, January 30, at 2 o'clock. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Electric cars.
P. DC N/.W FILER, Protector.
F. Kemp van Sec.
jjEsi» THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
•**■»" of thestockhaldersof the B'nai B'rith Hall
Association will be held at ihe office of the associa-
tion. 121 Eddy st., Sun Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1896. at 8 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LEVISON. Secretary.
CK5"?* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
>-*-=-\ of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the oilice of the company,
327 Market street, San Francisco, CaL, on
WEDNESDAY, February 5, 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve lor the ensuingyear and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. T. DONAHUE. secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ftEsF~^RAciifHluTL<nl?^^
y sage. 832 Mission st., room 6.
n^g--*- BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
m^B* Collections made, city or country. Pacitio
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st., room tt. Tel. 6580.
at*"-""**' MRS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
_**-v room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
-K*S-» MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
»*- iy 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
K_sSs= MISS PAXTON, MANICURING - AND
&*-*-' chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
Vt4AS> MISS HESTERN GIVES GENUINE
l*<& massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Postst,
'SAP-g-' CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
»*-& Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 908 Market.
■pr*s=- windows (leaned and floors
wh& scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages cuaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO., 242 Sutter.
St - ""**"***" ROOMS WHITENED, 91 UP: PAPER-
SF^ rtMßja 317V 2 Third. George Hartman.
SITUATIONS ' ; WANTEI)-FE3IA_K.
LADIES— C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY
st., furnish good help short notice; call and see
us or phone Oram 185. *. £*'WS9Btto__S__HßP
SITUATION WANTED BY' RELIABLE AND
O capable woman to do housework; is willing
and obliging; good reference ; wages $10 to $12
per month. Can be seen for three days at 79 Jes-
ale st , bet. First and Second.
ITUATION WANTED BY 2 SWEDISH
girls, can cook Swedish. German and Ameri-
can, 1 25 and $30: a young, neat Swedish girl to do
upstairs work %nd waiting on table, $20. ll"-_
Antonio st.. off Jones, nr. Ellis. *
-EXPERIENCED GIRL WANTS GENERAL
Xj housework: Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley.
Address 1405 Seventeenth St., West Oakland.
yOUNG SPANISH GIRL WANTS SO_fZ-
A tion as housekeeper. 25 Taylor st., room 3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
-"•JTIT ATION TED— Contlnned.
BY MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN 'WOMAN/AS
housekeeper for widower with children or an
old couple; city or country. Call or address 830
Treat aye.. bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
VOUXG SWEDISH GIRL, WISHES . POBI-
-1* tion to assist in housework. Address 3 Pfe.ffer
St., between Dupont and Stockton, Francisco and
Chestnut.
V " '' x<{ LADY' WOULD DIKE A PLACE TO
I mind baby and do upstairs work; willing and
obliging; no objection to country. Write or call
631 Bryant st.
/ *-•*■„. it_._* woman* wishes a situation
V.' In private family to do funeral housework. Ad-
dress 11 Auburn at., off Pacific, between Taylor
and Mason.
DRESSMAKING— A FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
and fitter wishes engagements; perfect fit miar-
anteed: price. SI a day; by the week $5. Address
P. M.. box 77. Call.
WANTED- A POSITION BY A RESPECT-
XX aDle woman to do ight housework or take full
charge of a child. Please call at 14 Oak st., near
Market.
/ "<> ... n-.\l _-._>'!' WOMAN WISHES IO DO
Vy general housework; good cook; city or coun-
try; best of references; call or address MRS.
BURNS, 616 Capp St.
COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
VJ place to do general housework in small family;
American family preferred. Address -'__ Austin
St., near Hough.
"V* OUNG ( ; LUSH WIDOW, 24 YEARS OF
x. age, with a child of 5 years, wishes a situation
as housekeeper for a widower or a bachelor; best
of reference. Address A. D.. 837 Folsom .st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
•■ o D , "' wori - and assist with cooking. Address
l.'si ., I- niton st., near Van Ness aye.
WANTED- POSITION AS SALESLADY BY
xx young lady with three years' experience: good
references. Address W. T., box 83, Call.
"OY NEAT, COMPETENT WOMAN, IS GOOD
xj cook and laundress, in an American family;
good city reference. Address L. V.. box '24, Call.
"DEFINED EDUCATED ENGLISH GIRL DE-
Jl- sires a situation as housekeeper. Address D.
8., box 28, Call Office.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework. CaU or address 447 Te-
hama st.
LIABLE WOMAN WISHES A SlTU-
ation as housekeeper. Address 1126 Market.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION IN
J- hotel as cook. Call 160 Fourth St., room 29.
"DELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
■XX the day ; washing, ironing or cleaning. Call at
746 Mission st. - .: - • . .-*-"
ncTgirl WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
x* general housework; city or country. Call or
address 206 Fifth st.
/ 1 I KM AN WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
VI day: washing, ironing and house-leaning. Ad-
dress 1419b Mason st.
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
J- assist in light housework. Please call at 327
Clementina st. flat Di; no cards answered.
RELIABLE WOMAN WILL REPAIR, CLEAN
J-li and press gentlemen's clothes; coats and vests
bound and relined. 114 Fourth St., room 15.
I) ESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
XX situation for general housework; will care for
children. Please call 1% Russ st., nr. Howard.
YOUNG WISHES TO DO HOUSEWORK
X- or mind children in the Mission; sleep home.
E. R„ 117 Fairmount.
A " I" NG GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR UP-
x stairs work and waiting at table; is good sewer:
best references. 211 Minna st.
XT ANY" KIND OF HOUSEWORK,
xx private or boarding house; plain cook; also
used to upstairs work and washing: no objection to
large family. 139 Fifth st.
mWO YOUNG GIRLS, SITUATION TO DO SEC-
X ond or general house work; no objection to coun-
try; wages *•■.'<>: references. Address 257 Clementina.
A" - OUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
X assist in second work and grown children. Call
at 615 Bush st. for two days.
OITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
0 woman as cook or housework lv small family.
B. C, box 23, Call.
rx IRL 18, WANTS SITUATION TO take
Vl care Of children or assist; sleep home. 743 a
Clementina st., nr. Ninth.
I7URBT-CLASB DRESSMAKER WILL TAKE
1 home sewing; suits made from $4 50 to $5. Ad-
dress 34 Linden aye.
/ i IRL WANTS A PLACE FOR HOUSEWORK.
V X 857^_ Bryant st.
\\* oil in v WIDOW WITH 2 CHILDREN
" wishes a position; good housekeeper: city or
country preferred. Address MRS. A. DONLEY.
1221 o'l'arrell St., city.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
do general housework. Apply 1405 Church
St., near Twenty-seventh.
{ "ATHOWC YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE PO-
V^' sitiou in Catholic family to do sewing and take
care of children: first-class references. A.idress
Seamstress. Woman's Exchange, Alameda, Cal.
BY PRACTICAL NURSE, TO TAKE CHARGE
of infants or invalid; willing to sew or assist
with housework; good home more an object than
wages; city reference. Address S.. box 77, Call.
S~PAN"TSH LADY WISH ES POSITION AS
O housekeeper for an Invalid or take charge of
lodging-house. Call 150 Fourth st., room 12.
BY FIRST-CLASS COOK: CITY OR COUN-
try ; best of reference. Call or aadress 215 San-
some st.
QEA.M STRESS AND DRESSMAKER, THOR-
O ough, desires a position; would assist with
chamberwork, children, or would take care of in-
valid lady. 1 Martha place, off Geary, nr. Mason.
V'oiko GIRL WANTS PLACE FOR CHAM-
X berwork and sewing; good reference. Address
Vf., box 53, this oflice.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO WASH-
x. ing, ironing and housecleaning. Address 22 * 2
Louisa St., off Fourth, near Harrison. '
VOUXG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
x. as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 6.
OMAN. WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
'» washing, ironing or housecleaning, or place to
work out. Address 22 Ash aye.
GERMAN GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS TO
j-j uo general housework, one being a very good
cook. Call or address 232 Nineteenth st.
Q TRONG YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PLACE
lj as chambermaid or housecleaning by the day
Address 11.. box 19 Call Oflice. • ■ J
C (X I WILL PAY TO" THE PERSON WHO
xjpxJXJ secures for a widowed sister a, position as
janitress in any public institution, or is capable of
taking any responsible position, c shier, matron,
etc, Address Bro., box 37, CaU Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE
0 woman; good i ook and laundress; city or coun-
try. Please call 1169 .Mission St., near Eighth.
iiMN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
J general housework; wages $15. 42 Everett st.
1 ' }•: 1i M A GIRL wants Sl'l UATION AS
VI cook and general housework in private family.
Inquire at 617 Sacramento st.
/ I OOD DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A PO-
"X sition as maid or housekeeper in a family:
only lately from New York City. B. M. , 1802
Polk st.
V I A T, STRONG GERMAN GIRL WANTS
->-> situation as upstairs girl or in laundry. N. v
Call Office, box 108.
Young widow WISHES position AS
x. housekeeper. Call 1020 Market St., room 12,
opposite Fifth.
CULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CKR-
VJ tldcato wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay it Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., Nit
xl "Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $8 per week; convenient and respectable;'
free bus to and from he ferry.
SITUATIONS *A *. lfcjj -MA LE.
L"olt firlstTcTTassTFarmeT^ TEA Msi i; l;s.
.x pruners. coachmen, gardeners or mechanics of
any kind send orders to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches -.short notice. i4Ueary. tel.Grant 46.
UNTER <fe CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 414y O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
vldes best help. 314b Sutterst.; te!. Oram 30.
YOUNG CARPENTER WANTS SITUATION
X on ranch or to take charge of private city or
country place or as watchman; moderate wages.
Address A. A. H., box 18, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— POSITION AS GARDENER; UN-
»» derstands nursery, greenhouse work, dairy,
etc.: handy in several lines: willing to do anything.
Address Handy, box 57. Call Office.
WANTED— BY A COMPETENT GROCERY,
xx saddlery or hardware clerk, work of any kind ;
references given if required. Address F. 11., box
142, Call Office.
AN" eTl*B YEARS~OLD, EXPERIENCE I)
horseman, wishes situation; understands cows,
gnrdn and general work: good references. Ad-
dr?ss N. X., box 23. this office.
PRINTER, ALL-AROUND MAN: EXPERf-
enced In elt departments of nevvspiper work;
steady young man: desires suflicit nt work to
compensate for room and board. , Z. box 23. all.
ITUATION AS CLERK, SALESMAN OR
O driver; 10 years' general experience in city;
references furnished if required. Address 11., box
74, Offioe.
CATION WANTED :IN GROCERY' OR
O dry-goo s store by boy. lb years of "axe; lives
with his parents. Address F. E. 8., box 23, Call.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION TO
"do cooking; city or country. GEORGE O.H.,
box 37, Call Office.
pOACHMAN OR MAN ABOUT PLACE WANTS
VJ situation in private family, city or country;
best references. M.JACKSON, 128 O'Farrellst.
SITUATION TO TAKE CARE OF PRIVATE
O place, city '■ or country, by steady man : can
milk: drive. Address J. L., box 142, CaU Office.
SHOEMAKER WANTS SITUATION FOR RE-
_ patting work. Address A. L.. box 123, Call.
BARBER -A/)- - _ ISHEsTi SITUA^
tion. Address P. L., 112 William st.
A 1 AN WANTS WORK IN HOTEL OB RES-
Xxx taurant to work in kitchen; good dishwasher;
will do anything. Addres. A. M., 705 Mission st.,
care Adelaide House.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Contlnned.
"DV AN INTELLIGENT YOTJNG MAN, SlT-
xj nation as useful man, butler or coachman, in
private family. H. H. 8., 1328 Pacific St.
"(JUTCHERs— ALL ROUND MAN WANTS A
XJ situation- Apply 504 Ellis street. I* \
DARKEEPE[*T-T'Ol'.\'(i MARRIED MAN,
xj ' ■ first-class mixer, wishes position : wages no
object; best of reference. Address or call PHILIP
LINDER, 1011 Post si. _________
"*{ IDDLE-AGED MAtf WANTS EMPLOY-
-iT-"-ment at nursing, store work or other light
work; city reference. Address D., box 167, Call
\\ r ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
■ . t T man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking or wait
°n t;»o!e; city or country. Please address H. VIE-
Ll Iz, 631 Sacramento st., room 86. JP
ACTIVE YOUNGMAN; 19 YEARS OLD; LlV-
xzx ing with parents; knows Spanish and English;
wants situation where he can learn business; has
worked at retail dry goods in New York: wages no
object. Address GEORGE, 24 Dorland st.
ANTED— YOUNG MAN OF 35. SOBER
1 t and of good habits, engineer 10 years' experi-
ence, country preferred, farm or institution; en-
tirely understands steam threshing and power ma-
chinery and pumps, windmills, -etc.: goodwood-
worker and blacksmith. Address W. 8., box 161,
Call Office.
pRINTER, JOB OR NEWSPAPER, WANTS
J- employment; city or country; moderate wages.
Address Printer. 2442. Dwight Way, Berkeley.
yOUNG GERMAN OF GOOD HABITS
-I- wishes position where he can learn the trade:
security, responsibdlty. Box 108. Call Office.
"youNG man"desires SITUATION IN THE
x. country; orchard work preferred: wages no ob-
ject: a good home tne thing. Address Vf., box 15,
Call Office.
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION TO DO
cooking: city or country. M. GEORGE, 519
Jessie st. -
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
XTEAT~YOUNG~^^
-1-t girl, small family, $20: 6 German or Swedish
housegirls, $20, and a number of young girls to as-
sist. C. R. HANSEN &CO , 110 Geary st.
YOUNG GERMAN DOWNSTAIRS GIRL
x with references. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st. . - - " . •- - ;?r..--
STRONG NEAT LOOKING YOUNG GIRL TO
learn hairdressing. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Sutter st.
COOK, $35 ; NURSE, S2O; WAITRESS, TRACY,
$15; second girl, $26; French maid and seam-
stress. $25: restaurant cook, $20; 15 housework
girls, city and country. $20 and $25; 6 young girls
assist, $12 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
WAITRESS, SMALL RESTAURANT. $15;
tt ranch cooks, and girls for housework, city and
country. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay st.
5 EFINED GERMAN SECOND GIRL, $25.
AX, MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
\\T ETNURSE, $25. MISS CULLEN, 105 STOCK-
tt ton st.
YV ANTED-3 GOOD SECOND GIRLS FOR
" city and country, $25 arid $20; nurse to travel,
mind 1 child. English, also a French maid, $25
each; cook for private boarding-house, $50; 5
strong housework girls, $25 each. MISS K.
PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
ANTED— 'i HOTEL LAUNDRESSES. $20;
»' cook, boarding-house, $40; French maid and
seamstress. $20; German laundress, ■ private
family, $'_.*>; 3 German cooks, $25. $30 and $35; 3
German, English, Scotch and Irish nurses, $20
and $25; 2 Protestant second girls, $20, and a
large number of girls to fill situations in city and
country- J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 Sutter st.
GERMAN COOK, $30; GERMAN OR FRENCH
second girl, $86: nurse girl, $15: 10 girls for
housework. MRS. HBID, 721 Ellis st.
RESPECTABLE GIRL, NOT TOO YOUNG. TO
i, assist in housework; 3 in family: small flan-
nel wash: wages, $12. 620"/ 2 Hayes; call bet. 11
and 12; German preferred.
GERMAN GIRL, MUSI' BE GOOD COOK,
assist in housework, wages $25. Apply 2061
Central aye., Alameda.
X ".LIABLE GERMAN OR JEWISH GIRL
-LV for housework and to assist with cooking. Ap-
ply after 10. 622 Golden Gate aye.
Yy A NTED — MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO
tt cook and housework In exchange for home.
54 Eddy st.
YY"^ ANTED— YOUNG LADY STENOGRAPHER
tt to work In office of wholesale house; wages
moderate to begin with. Y. 1... box 135. Call Office.
rx IRLS TO COOK AND HOUSEWORK ;
*X wages $-0 and $25. Apply 872 Broadway,
Oakland, J. P. JOHNSON & CO.
YY' ANTED-A WETS URSE FOR SAUSA-
" lito; state wages. Address Vf., box 2, Call.
WOMAN TO ASSIST IN ROUSE
1 1 that needs a home. . 534 a Seventeenth st.
Gl IRL. 14 TO 16, TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
VJt work and baby. 2018 Sutter st. . *. -,
ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Twenty-fourth and Diamond, in bakery.
ONE OR TWO FIRST-CLASS FEMALE CAN-
vassers to-day. 1102 Filbert st.
T AILORESS WANTED AT 2247b MISSION
street. :•- -' t ,*.
7 " ANTED— YOI'NG GIRL TO TAKE CARE
tt of children. 1104 Seventeenth st.
WANTED— GIRL FOB LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
TT American. 13 to 15. A. W., box 26, Call.
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
-l-> work: Protestant. 318 Scott St., near Oak.
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
tt $12. 2252 Central aye., Alameda.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK FOR
small German famil > . 3401 Geary st., grocery.
*\**OUNg"gi I . FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
J- and assist cooking. 1630 Post st.
WANTED GIRL TO do LIGHT HOUSE-
tt work. Call after 10, 617 Fifteenth st.
W ANTED— LADY OF REFINEMENT FOR A
tt position of trust. Address box 52, Drugstore,
corner Eleventh st. and Railroad aye., South San
Francisco, CaL
Cf| YOUNG LADIES IMMEDIATELY TO
xJxJ learn millinery; spring trade; materials fur-
nished; terms reasonable; positions. 234 Taylor.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'T Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f«*ee bus to and from the ferry.
YY?" ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED LADY TO AS-
TT Hist in housework; $8 per month. 435 Fourth.
YA' ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
tt how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system; no models, charts or squares used. COHN,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter st., city.
rANTED-PUPILS IX MILLINERY': NEW
xi term commences this mo. Boom 51. 121 Post.
Miss DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MlL-
llnery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second: special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
HAIRDRESSING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
andev'gclasscs;lO lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
_ out rig school. 1231 Market st-bet, Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
XJ system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
Mi is i CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus to and irom the ferry.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell; pat-
temscut to order 25c up: pupils wanted.
Male Hfc.t.p *>VA.>_ED.
GERMAN HEAD WAlTlsirToß~A~atE^
taurant. C. R. HANS EN & CO., 110 Geary st.
W ANTED- It, $20 AND FOUND
tt inet-maker for country; tiemakers: cooks
wanted and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
YY' ANTED— MEAT WAITER FOR PASSEN-
tt ger steamer. $20 per month; also cook, dish-
washers, farmers, milkers and others at W. D.
EWEB <fc CD'S., 626 clay s:.
D UPKRINTENDENT FOR A RANCH, $75
.. and found (apply by letter, stating full par-
ticulars); 6 miners; 3 farmers: 2 cooks; concrete
finisher, $3 day; 2 boys for ranches; cook for a
ranch, $ 5: barber-shop to let, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, Employment Agents, 634
Clay st.
MA COOK, $50; COUNTRY; BUTLER,
city, $45. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
Yy ANTED— FOUR COMMERCIAL TRAVEL"
tt ers to sell all kinds of riding vehicles, scales,
refrigerators and patented articles. 67 Chronicle
building.
B A WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY* AND
Sunday. 162 Third st.
WANTED— A DISHWASHER AT 1504 KEN-
T T tucky st., Potrero, at Reidy's HoteL
MAN TO TAKE I ORDERS fFO PRINTING.
Apply 619 FIX bert st.
yy ANTED— XT A AT 204 POWELL ST.
STEADY WAITER; MUST BE SOBER AND
LJ Industrious; no:ieother. 118, California st. ■
GOOD BARBER WANTED. 757*/ a HOWARD
T street.
J 1 WASHER WANTED. 29 FOURTH ST.
YY' ANTED -^STEADY MaN ; LIGHT, GEN-
TT teel business: $65 per month; must have some
cash. 873*/ a Market St., room 1.
PARTNER WANTED— CASH BUSINESS; IN-
side work; no night or Sunday work; full Inves-
tigation. Inquire Call Office.
YYT A N E D — "UTTnIICN WITH $100 FOR PER-
t? manent position in sawmill. 142 y a Fourth su,
room 7.
FXS ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS, JOBBING
, „„ r £ ute for Bttle for gardensr; German preferred.
130 Fourth st^aiter p. m.
1) FRESH EGGS WITH MUSH AND MILK OR
xJ soup and bread and butter, 10 cents, at 1148
Market st., between Fifth and Sixth
900 KOOB *B. 10c; 100 ROOMS, 150 PER
Jijxjxj night. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
"D OS DALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
xx, 20c to 50c night; HI 10 $4 week : open ail night.
RELIABLE CATHOLIC YOUNG MAN FOR
grocery-store; over 20 years; references. Ad-
dress , box 3, call office.
1 (if) MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 60; CLEAN
f-.yy,. towel jto each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14 a Montgomery aye.
E\f)f) MEN TO GET A FINE ST/LISH, DV-
xjxjxj rable calf shoe toorder,s2 60/969 Howard.
~~^^^^J^_^^ D "" Cont,nv - cd *
ANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
- Tf era to call if they do not receive their just dues:
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 1 10 Sutter St.
YEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
J-" - Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up: per week $1 up; open all night.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED;|B
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
1 J ARBER TRADE. TAUGHT. MALE AND
xx female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
T) ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
-_>retarv Barbers'Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
Vy ANTED-GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
tt city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. Q. box 2299.
DAUBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
J J secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell st.
YEW GRAND, 248 THIRD; - 200~ SUNNY
-*-*» rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR TH E BEST AND CLEANEST 100 MEAL
try 13*/ 3 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
REST E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
X/ shoes. 726 V 2. opp.' Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged. -
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
Xt 25c up ; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
YyHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
tt st.; 200 rooms', best in the city single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meal. 10c.
WANTED-LAEORERS AND MECHANICS
tt 10 know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
tt Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readlng-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
"1 ( )(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
f-V'xJ and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny. .
EST IN CIT ."-SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night; SI, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
t T week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
*\y ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
i tt steam beer. 6c ; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S -t^-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c-. DONE
■in. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
IJ ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J J ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
FREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
Ai )(\ MEN'S BECOND-H AN SHOES.SOME
T\J\J nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission st.
BY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR^
XJ Ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price; work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WANTED.
or gentlemen NEW FOR AGENTS: LADIES
or gentlemen can make from $3 to $10 a day.
Apply 2 to 5 p. m., 1155 Howard st. '
ALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
VJ wants good agents to work its accident and
sick insurance: liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secratary. Murphy building.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTED-IN ; ESTABLISHED,
x. safe, profitable bag business; experience not
necessary. Address P. R., box 23. call.
FURNITURE WANTED
p ASIi (PRICE -PAID FOR'FUBNXTUREV JA-
COB SCHWERD!, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOB
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. si:; Market St.: call or send postal.
HOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED— BY" FEBRUARY' 1; A SMALL
TT flat, cottage or 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms; bath;
north of Market, east of Polk; rent $10 to $12; not
a basement flat. Address nY -P., hox 64, Call Office.
, ROOMS WANTED.
VY ANTED-BY COUPLE OUT ALL DAY, A
tt large sunny room: unfurnished; north of Mar-
ket st. Address North, box 77, Call Office.
1~" URN I 1 lE D ROOM WANTED BY QUIET
young man, within four blocks of Kearny st.;
private family; state terms. R. A., box 4, Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED- YOU ATCHr~IF~_T~N ].; £55
tt repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEI 88, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
"lrv to A. KLEIN*. 109 Sixth st.: send postaL
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
BARGAIN— NEARLY~N E^ELEGAJTrUP-
right piano: must sell. 1520 Eddy st.
TN OUR BARGAIN-ROOM YOU WILL FIND
J- several fine squares from $40 up; an upright at
$60; one at $75: an elegant larg' beautiful one at
$168 85: others at $190, $245, etc.; 100 new
pianos to select from. THE J. DEWING COM-
PANY, warerooms. second floor, Flood building.
ARGE UPRIGHT OFFERED FOR $85 FOR
Immediate sale. Room 21, Flood building.
AGNIFICENT CHICKERIO PIANO; ELE-
gantcase; cash or installments; owner leav-
lng city; must be sold. Room 10, Flood building.
If* INK STEINWAY; NICE CONDITION: ANY
reasonable offer secures it. Room 21, 809 Mki.
SEVERAL BARGAINS IN PIANOS TO-DAY.
The Zeno Mauvais Music Company. 769 Market.
piANO GIVEN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY' NO
J- charge. Particulars at BRIENN'S, 228 Post.
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER^
ence; also renowned Bush <fc Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT <& CO., 324 Post St.
CONOVER FIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
VJ great sacrifice. The F. Vv*. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
(glin BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
♦JP-LJ-U. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO..
18 -McAllister st.
"VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
x*x bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS- —
x. Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st.
CO 1 < "KEIONG, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos: see our n -w piano forslB7; pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
/ ' REAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. hornu
VX Piano House, 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
tt rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
tnd organs sold for cash or installments.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT~ FLAN
for sell Intr pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it- please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
fflj I HP. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
*UP-L X xJ. upright; perfect order. 101 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., V, FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
IP AS V TERMSrLOW PRICES. KOHLER &
Xli CHASE.
Y'RON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLIN'S, ZITHERS. ANEW
H. MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY*, $215: WEBER, $265; SOMER,
•3 $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. U. LUEDERS, '82
Ninth st.
________________
OPEN FOB BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. ■•'.'■• J. HARRY SCOTT,
..t- -■•-.-.-■ 929 Market st- Spreckels building.
, LOST.
LOST— SATURDAY*, JAN. '.sTTfoSTtfTrIUER
pup; brown head: leather col.ar. Please re-
turn to 1915 Eddy st. and receive reward.
GORDON SETTER DOG."' RETURN To
359 Clementina st.; reward.
"pOST~ALL" COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
J-J not getting my shoes » made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $6, 204 1 urk St., near Jones.
MONEY*. BY* NOT" HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging i ompanv. 635 McAllister st.
FOUND.
RE D SETTER BITCri^B(HJ^B~MONTHS
-IV old; white spot. 909 Kearny st.
BICI'CLES.
WINDSOR BICV"CLEsr^TRICTLY HIGH
tt grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT A CO., 324 Post St., S. F. -
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alilster and Powell st. car lines. .
~~ ~ TO LEASE. " 7,„„„„ '
TO LEASE— IOOx9O; LARGE BUILDING;
suitable for manufacturing purposes: cor. Sev-
enth and Bryant sts. ASHTON & GARDINER,
411 Montgomery st.
TO LEASE— SO~ToREB; IMPROVED; ELM-
hurst. Owner, 1176 East Fourteenth St., Oakland
financial.? :-:
LOANS oTf^STTA^D^ITMOPtTGAGE^ND
life insurance policies: low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery 3..
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; opan
evenings. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission __.
_^^ STORAGE
STORAGE OF FU RN IT C 1:17.: 1 7. PEA NOS, HOUS&
O^ hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
\y I LSON BROTHERS. 1710 - MARKET^
tt storage; low rates; telephone South 762.
PERSONALS.
AIT ANTED - A REFINED^~INTELLIGENT
"■» woman, not over 35, strong and healthy;
steady position to the right party: no triflers. Ad-
dress box 44, Fish Rock, Mendocino County, Cal.
REFINED LADY WISHES TO MEET AN
educated American gentleman of means: obiect
matrimony. Address M. 8., box 38. this office. .
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A si'E-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 -Market st
HENRY HUFSCHMIDT. PLUMBER •- AND
gasfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
"I7THEL-REMEMBER MME. SPITZ' HaIR-
-Lj dressing parlors: MR. LEDERER has them
now; dresses your hair swell for only 25c: sella
elegant switches for 75c. MINNIE.
\KT 'OMAN'S DISPENSARY OF NEW YORK
xx all modern Improvements In treating diseases;
an infallible remedy for irregularities; superfluous
hair removed without pain :1a iie^ give us » calhcon-
sultation free testimonials In office. 25 Murphy
OING OUT OF BUSINESS; NEW YORK
VX Cloak and suit House, 1210 Market st.: ladies'
suits from $1 50 and $2 50; cost $5 to $10; jackets,
50c; capes, $1 50.
OEARCHING.LOCATING.SHADOWING.TRA-
Ocing,collecting.GßAHAM'Sagncy,632Mrkt,r.B.
1 AAA BUSINESS CARDS, $1 fin; TELE
XUUU phone "Black 141." HILL* 22 Geary, r. 89
EORGE— WHY DIDN'T YOU MEET
agreed? Had my photo taken, bust cabinets, at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny St., northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 50 per dozen, too. NELLIE.
OOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
xi Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tal Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
I YPTIAN HENNA; $1; HAIR DYE; PER-
X fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANOLEY A MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F.
'lil-. N A .\ EJECTED; COLECTIONS, ETC. A.
x HOOGS, room 31 ' 328 Montgomery st.
DEAFNESS— AURAPHONE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed tree. F. F. FINLAY, lOCalifornia St.. S. F.
<*> I A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
•UP L floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 60up
Oilcloths and Linoleums ......30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN.
1017, 1019, 10.1, 1088 Mission St., above Sixth.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10*:3 Mission st., above ~lxth.
MRS. m. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout Agues.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists. Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue, 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
L*-or FINE POULTRY AND game GO TOA.
■1 STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
x. and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
J chester House. 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; SI 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
' mfrs' cost. Factor y, 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY (ALL. sent to any address in the
United 'States or Canada one year for $1 50, inst-
age free. -..,.-.
DRESSMAKERS.
SUITS, $8: SKlRT^T7scTsHiirWASfs,sr6o;
O work by the day. 559 Stevenson, near Seventh.
STYLISH DRESSES "'MADE FROM $4 UP;
perfect fit guaranteed. 621 Geary st.
DRESSES CUT AND FITTED, $3: DRESSES,
popular prices; waists $3. 11 Geary st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
4 MCLEAN, 777 MARKET ST., ROOM 7.
xzY. 14 rooms. Mas in St.. clears $50 $525
11 rooms, Powell st., clears $75 650
22 rooms, Market St., clears *75 600
12 rooms, Third s  clears $50 450
32 rooms, best location, clears $60 650
12 rooms, best location, clears $30.. 225
16 rooms, best location, clears $45 260
tjpOUU 12-room house. DECKER, 12CJ Market.
HOTEL- 60 ROOMS. BAR, 60 BOARDERS:
payments. DECKER, 1206 Market.
SO'IX 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCA'I ION:
__«-. 18 rooms; best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
20 rooms; sunny corner: must sell 700
10-room house; very central 150
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor Taylor.
<£_ 9AA 40-ROOM HOUSE, NEAR THE
tlpX-^UU. Baldwin. DECKER. 1206 Market.
I'(\ ROOMS; FINE CORNER; WORTH $5000;
UU $2000 will buy It, See PECKER, 1206 Market.
ffl» (i fif) 14 BOOMS, - ALL - FRONT; FINE
<"pc*U"l/. furniture: north of Market; partcash;
sacrifice. JOHNSTON, 26V. Kearny st.
<&A AA BOOMING HOUSE — 23 ROOMS;
*B)x.\J\J. rent $50: clears monthly $100: must
be sold : sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
'll ROOMS; OWNER OBLIGED TO LEAVE
J-x. unimportant business; any reasonable offer
will be accepted. Address Rooms, box 29, Call.
-Si 7oo 44 ROOMS: CLEARS OVER $100
W txixl. per month; trial given. 115 Second st.
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
PARLOR AND BEDROOM SET, NEARLY
new; cheap. 2319 1 /. Pinest.; no agents.
SOLID OAK PALACE FOLDING-BED FOR
O sale cheap Inquire Hotel Langham.
WE WILL MOVE FEBRUARY 1 "
1 1 Previous to movin. to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) ...750
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIRE K A SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. KRASKY; FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, k9andup; step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step: furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
E EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK. NEW AND
IX second-hand: 400 carpet j, good as new, oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $.4 50: cornice poles, 250;
ranges, $6; cash or Installments; goods shipped
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
CARPET CLEANING.
CABPETS CLEANED AND~RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON __ CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH * CO., successors.
T E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
0 . 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
MCQUEEN'S CA"BPETBEATING"AND KEN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
TV" ATIONAL CARPET BEATING ANDRES*
-Il vating Works HAMPTON JtBAILLY- laylnz
and altering. 313-316 Guerrero; Tel. Mission 244.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»I poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
yet Beating Works. 363-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
/ "ONKLIN'S CARPET HEATING WORKS. 33.J
VJ Golden ("ate aye.: telephone east 126.
HORSES.
I ""OR SALE OR EXCHA^*E^7aI?INK~RoXi>
X ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply, at
504 Sutter st. *" J ■
I P A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND lI AR-
XiJXJ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 11 28 Mission st.
HORSE- PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hyte
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
TAR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
if^J^_? ■!% Si, I '''„ ?, lice De 'ment. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
4 A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAOO"V
~xxJ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hon.
Market, 32/ Sixth St.; auction sales every wSnaa.
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 00 SEP SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
x\jxj kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts!
_J^R_SALE-3IIsCELLANEOUS.
HV--^ lAR ? AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN
SCHUUR. aYe " aDC * SaD BrUn ° • road - H "
A ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
JJ small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
PQ O SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
„¥„ a, ' d "Prices from 25c per yard un. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
T>UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND"_TaT.
XJ tan furniture at the factory and save mi.l.lle-
v?a VT.°-l I .T S'** 1 treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
A BY" CARRIAGES AND RATTAN 1 I itNl-
xj ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing,
nse. Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., near
Stockton.
BAR OUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
V IRE AND BURGLAR SAP .. LETTER-
x. press, platform scales and desk;. heap. 102 Clay
ON I ; SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
Are and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
NEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
XI hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st. .
CO UN fE X SHELVING. SHOWCASES
bought and sold 11211^ Market bet. 7th and Bth
BUSINESS CHANCES.
PAPER ROUTE FoT"slleTtelEG RAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
I Apply this office, principals only. *
.---• '-'.'*-.."
BrSINKM^jCHA^C^j
?i^S~BV OR EXCHANGE^A BUSINESS
T"f ?ny kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st. _
IV. AH" SALOON MEN. ATTENTION —
._■._. ID. Saloon. No. 1 location; pays well; cheap
rent; actually worth double. STRAND & CO., 45
Third st. - ' ■ .
I : GROCERY AND BAR, WITH 4
>_ I ■_>. rooms; full value; rent $22. STRAND,
AS Third st.
__f Of.fi SALOON. WITH 6 ROOMS: BAR-
i^OUU. gain to-day. 46 Third *-_._
<Si,\HP RESTAURANT: OPP. CA RHOCSE;
Q*± iD. pays well. STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q.QPC. FARTNER IN a RESTAURANT:
»^OOU. clear $75 month each. STRAND, 45
Third st.
\TOTICE -TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
i\ promptly for cash. HEALY <fe CO.. 83 Kearny.
„ I -s\ SPLENDID ROUTE; PAR TN E R
" XUU. needed to deliver goods and d. collec*-
Ing; clears $150 per mouth. HEALY & CO.,_.
Kearny st. ' * ,
&7CA BAKER. ACROSS TH BAY; BAK^
•4p 4 xJxJ. ing 6 barrels per day; '.double wagons;
4 horses; bes class of custom : rent $20: proprietor
is owner of property, and is retiring from business;
$350 cash, ba.ance'to be paid out of profits of busi-
ness; clearing $176 month. HE ALY, 23 Kearny.
®Q7F_ COR. SALOON 7 NEAR TERMINUS
«3r»* 1 x). of railroad: handsomely fitted up: doing
good business; call to-day. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
QUU^nA RESTAURANT NEAR FACTORIES
<JD^-t)UU. (long a business of $60 perday; 4
rooms; building Included In sale; so such bargain
ever offered for sale: best of reason for selling.
Apply W. F. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
£*Q-*.A GROCERY AND BAR; FINE COR-
xdJxJxJvl, ncr; established 25 years: sure business:
good horse and wagon; a great bargain; owner
going to Europe. Apply A. McLEAN, 777 Market
st, room 7.
(2J»_>AA PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
tjpOUU. class cash business; owner will guar-
antee as paying clear over $200 per month; trial
allowed before buying. Apply A. McLEAN, 777
Market St., room 7.
(&OXn SALOON; BEST BUSINESS LOCA-
«J)__UU. tion: handsomely fitted up; 2 fur-
nished living-rooms: well stocked: worth twice the
amount asked; offered at a sacrifice; owner leav-
ing the city. Apply A. McLEAN, 777 Market st.-
room 7. A-J-.-.-.P
ft 400 RESTAURANT; BAKERY CON-
rl\J\J. nected; best business street, north
Market ; must sell; retiring from business. STEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market.
BAKERY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
location; finest fltted-up place incity: has very
large counterand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBERG ACO , 632 Market St.
ffli AOO CIGAR -STORE; NEAR MARKET;
'IP UUU. receipts average $15: full value in
stock, fixtures; leaving city. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market St.
fflt-vOO partner WANTED wholesale
UUU. and retail produce and commission
business In busiest country town in California;
offers grand opportunity for some active man.
STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st.
fflJ99^ BRANCH BAKERY, DELICATESEN
«]p.____c". store: Western Addition; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for man and wife. STEN-
BERG & CO.. 632 Market St.
CM 000 BAKERY", NORTH OF MARKET,
rJpjLUUU. baking 2% barrels dally; 2 horses,
wagons; weekly receipts $150; 5 living-rooms;
cheap rent; lease: noopposition; bargain. STEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market st.
<sj9flA SNAP ; RESTAURANT; MUST SELL
tjp^iUU. at once; present owner 3 years; central
location: good trade; big business can be dona
here. STANLEY. 9 Geary St., room 2.
ffljO"-./^ A SNAP; PARTNER WANTED IM-
»~«>«'U. mediately; light manufacturing busi-
ness; worth $800; duties light: short hours; clears
$100 a month: can be doubled. STANLEY, 9
Geary st., room 2.
fflM *7 P. grocery - store — good BUSI-
x\P~x X xj, ness; good location : good stock; great
bargain. H. STANLEY', 9 Geary St., room 2.
v,k iIEN lUU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
'» ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. JOHN BEIDY A CO., l:'"/2 sixth st.
I," 1 IN E SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
connection with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; splendid location; must be sold;
owner going East. REIDY & CO., 13* . Sixth st.
fflr ({ P.l) FINE FAYING SA LOON ANDLODG-
x&xjoxj. ing-house of 18 rooms, hath, etc, ; a sure
bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
ffl* 1 KA PAR TNER IN ESTABLISHED MAN-
xujxxjxJ. ufacturing business. JOHNSTON, 26' _
Kearny st. s '
"fflTrJxTii PARTNER IN SIGN BUSINESS
«*P»JOV. and white-enamel letter agency: $17 to
$20 a week: trial. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
P_\'>')~ A SNAP, CORN ER THIRD STREET^
'P't — xJ. saloon, near Market: big stock; good
fixtures ;cneap at $850. JOHNSTON, 26*/ 3 Kearny.
ffl; ftOO RESTAURANT; A BIG BARGAIN;
"ITUUu. one block north of Market; receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 26"/2 Kearny st.
J" IN E CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY*. NEAR
Market st. JOHNSTON*. 261,2 Kearny st.
GjOw A CORNER SALOON: FIRST-CLASS
•^—"-''-'•location; with living-rooms; rent $15;
actual value $600; partners want to separate. In-
quire 533 California St., Phoenix Bar.
ffl:l(lO FINE SALOON: BIG BARGAIN;
•JP-l'-U. owner sick; rent $10. REIDY, 13*.. 2 6th.
%& 4 DU. Saloon. DECKER, 1206 Market st!
<P*t'lU. Saloon. DECKEB, 1206 Market st.
ffilhl) CORN EB CIGAR-STORE; EINEITX-
1 Ox', tures and stock: no night or Sunday
work. Apply to PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
-KlOOO corner grocery AND bar,
•JPIUI'I/. with living-rooms, In Western Addi-
tion; rent, $25: owner kept place ten years. Par-
ticulars at 633 California st., Phcenix Bar.
ADY PARTNER WANTED IN A GOOD
paying business: good chance to learn a good
trade. Restaurants and all kinds Of business sold
or exchanged. EITEL, 1118 Market st.
SJT^OOO PARTNER; DEALING WITH'
xjx. l \}xj. tanners; money Invested in busi-
ness; full investigation; will clear $3500 over in-
vestment to each this season, and likely more.
$20,000- Stock security: business man preferred :
money required to fill large orders- principals
only: no agents. Add. R. C. box 90. Call Office.
LD ESTABLISHED LUNCH COUNTER,
restaurant and oyster parlors In unsurpassed
locality; for sale cheap, for cash; if taken Immedi-
ately; account "of selling, departure. Address H.
8., box 54, Call Office.
C-OAA PARTNER FOR VARIETY THEA.
«*pOUU. ter and bar. Inquire 633 California st,,
Phcenix Bar.
<SiP_Z\oo INTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS
xs)xJU\Jxj. paper for sale; $150 to $250 per
month, inquire this office.
ffIJXAA OLD ESTABLISHED saloon for
<"p_"WL". sale in business center: fixtures and
stock worth over $1000; must be sold to-day; own-
ers leaving city on mining business. 541 Califor-
nia st.
fljCnf) SALOON NEAR THEATER, NORTH
<"pU'C'\.F. of Market st.; handsome place: select
stock; big trade; bargain. Business Exchange.
873 Market st. ' «
ItyjPSi BOARDING AND LODGING HOUSE
'IP^xJxJ. for sale; account of death; good bar-
gain; house full of boaraers. Inquire 224 West
Market st.. Stockton, Cal.
BUSINESS MAN* AIVD WIFE, COMPETENT
in baking, making bread and cooking, can se-
cure an established trade for a trifling, sum. Apply
at this office.
ffl;7?;A BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELLING .
'_ I • )\}. beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 500 pounds
veal a week; real $14; 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
452 Tehama St., bet. Fifth and sixth.
5 "-.00 LXVE MAS' AS PARTNER IN BEST
x\DxJXj\}. business in California: monopoly: thor-
ough investigation. Address Partner, box 66, Call,
l"*OR SALE— FRUIT, VEGETABLE AND
x poultry business: living-rooms attached; steady
business. Address F. R.. box 10. Call Office.
T ODGING -HOUSE AND FRUITSTORE;
xx good opportunity forfanulv; large yard; year's
lease; price $.00. .129 Sixteenth St.
ffl; l p. a PARTNER in big paying busi-
«lpj.c"U". ness. Address Partner, box 57, Call.
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; GOOD
reason for selling. 1562 Folsom st.
ffl; 9."Ta FOR SALE— MILK ROUTE: 7 CANS;
<JP----"U. horse, wagon. Inquire Call office.
ffl»" AAA WILL PURCHASE BUSINESS IN-
<"PUUUU terest worth twice the amount In-
vested and secure permanent management on sal-
ary of 00 per month and commission: position,
outside of investment, really worth $500 ier
month; only those who can show that they have
the cash need apply; bankers' references fur-
nished. Address M. F. li.. box 90, Call.
ALOON TO LET: FIXTURES AND 2 LIV-
O ing-rooms; rent $20. 350 Brannan, near Third.
-~)-JP, BRA NCH BAKERY, ' CANDY,* . T A-
__._£_). tionery store; 4 living-rooms: rent $18;
no agents. 341 Va Fifth St.-
ALOON FOB SALE; ' GOOD LOCATION.
Harrison st., or see boss 427 Fourth.
f ad"y^art^eiT~Svith A small CASH
XX capital in a legitimate business who could de-
vote a portion of her time to office work. Address
S. c. box 163, Call Office. -
dlj" J'/J COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; DATLY
<JpOtJU. receipts $15; 4 living-rooms. CallOflloe,
XCtr ANTED— PA RTNEB FOR SALOON* BU8I-
»» ness; must have some' ready cash: good pay-
ing place; best location. P. A., box 69, Call Office.
GROCERY AND SALOON FOB SALE; NEW
stock: good reason for selling. Apply 223 15th.
IjtOß SALE-HOTEL; 64 BOOMS: NICE BAR,
J? big dining-room: good reasons for tiling, cheap
if sold at once. For particulars call 922 Battery st.
BARBER-SHOP, WITH 8 CHAIRS, BOOT-
black stand and laundry office, f.ir sale cheap
1017 Larkin st., near Sutter. .
SMALL DRINKING-*. Ull. __-■ xli.
O neighborhood. 650 Sacramento st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CIOAR-STAND FOR
sale; cheap. Apply at stand, 777 Market st.
PARTNER WANTED IN GENERAL j ,\f
A mission busin-ss. handling different lines of
goods: present proprietor constantly traveling and
needs a partner to take charge indoors; capi al" re-
quired about $5000, to co entirely lntothebo_ln^_
Address Commission Merchant, box -it, this office"
VI" mow OF MEANS DESIRES GENTI
11 part ner _in good business. 202%1t02
BAKERY AND N"otio\s- pn.ip T,.i.
$8; no agents, lnquie thi. o ffic e ; Ap ; * X * 1__ HOUSES TO LET.
QQ FOUR GOOD ROOMS WITH CELLAR
•_ xJ. to a small family, 24 Cheslev st., off Harn-
sou, near Seventh. Apply 940 Bryant.
HOUSE 2-STORY FRAME. TSuFSy ROOMS
aud bath, yard: 216 north side 18th St., bet.
Capp st. and Howard: rent $'-.**•. Apply to D. B.
ROWLEY, agent, on the premises.
A 9*l POWELL ST.— HOUSE OF 8 BOOMS.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 225 POLK
St., one block fro m New City Hall.
H'' ; T : s"E'Tri"" _ 6" W.MS AND BATH: STABLK
for horse ana wagon; largo cellar; 159 Erie
St., between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, near Fol-
som; rent $18. MADISON &BURKE. 6:0 Market.
999-T POST, BET. " SCOTT AND devisa-
— — — O dero— House, 6 rooms: bath; basement:
garden, staple, driveway.
OUSE oF 6 ROOMS: RENT $16. IS GAR-
den st., bet. Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and
Rryant. '
1 V) /"CALIFORNIA - HOUSE 11 SUNNY
x OZ.A rlns . bath : newly painted, decorated ; yard
HOUSE OF 6 BOOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.; rent $16. Apply 23; '8
Mission. *-
S~AV ED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWiN A HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
FUKNISHED HOUSES.
WEBSTBB— SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
—- - 1. ) china; piano: bath: $45.'
COTTAGES TO LET.
miTTAGEOFS ROOMsTsUIf
able for one or two families.
COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE CEL-
lar. 421 Cedar aye., oil Geary st., near Laguna.
COT"fAGESROO-MS-BATH; LARGE YARD:
cellar. 2105 Webster st., near Sacramento.
QUNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE -OF 5
0 rooms: large yard and basement. Fifteenth
and Dolores sts. _^
FLATS TO LET.
7ypiH-rß~FLvrTijTTii^^ AND BAT_cTBS4
I Bryan: st., beL First and Second: cheap; $11.
Apply to D. B. ROWLEY, agent, on premises.
- 1 9 OCTAVIA, NIL MCALLISTER — ELE-
-1 1 _ tant lower flat; 7 rooms; bath: modern Im-
provements; brick basement.
mCJ M i SB lON. NR. ELEVENTH — 6
XOXOz large, sunny, papered rooms: bath;
laundry. . .. . ..
OLEASANT FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
X 2319 Pine St., near Fillmore; rent $18.
P. SUNNY BOOMS: $13. ISO VALPARAISO
0 s:., off Jones, near Filbert.
It] O BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 1138
•- I O. Stevenson si., near Market and Valencia.
Q99 FLAT OF 6 ROOMS- AND BATH. IJ9
C— — . William St.. near Post.
3 ROOMS AND BATH. 409 THIRTEENTH
st., above Valencia.
QQ FLAT; 4 SUNN*. ROOMS; SEPARATE
QC7. yards. 1237 Twenty-fifth St.. nr. Church :
"V"EW LOWER FLAT. OF 5 ROOMS,' BATH
-' and laundry. 1225 Jessie St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth.
1 Qft FULTON— FINE NEW MIDDLE FLAT 4
XOO rooms; bath; $20.
r* !T'i i: FLAT OF SIX BOOMS, WITH IM-
vJ provements and cellar. 1135' _ Pacific.
fflft l , i NEW MODERN SUNNY FLATS, SIX
0 1 •'. rooms; bath. 133 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth.
VKtV BAY-WINDOW FLA I' OF FIVE LIGHT
-> rooms; $18: bath; gas; tubs. 911 Folsom. near
Fifth. .
J'LAT TO LET— FOUR ROOMS AND BATH;
A rent $18. 1804 Bush st.
"PLATT3 ROOMS. " 352 MCALLISTER ST.
A P..JQ CLAY, CORNER LARKIN— 9
XOOO rooms and bath; rent $25.
SUNNY FLATS: 2 AND 3 ROOMS. 202 GROVE
St., corner Van Ness aye.
1*" LEO ANT NEW FLAT; 0 ROOMS; ALL
X latest improvements; rent cheap. 713 Grove.
TTPPER FLATS; 6 AND 7ROOMS AND BATH;
XJ rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
WO FLATS, 3 AND I ROOMS, WITH BATH;
$10 an.l .14; 4 and 8 Lassett St., near Fillmore
and Haißht. Inquire at 123 Taylor st.
TTPPER FLAT ..IT BOOMS. 93 iT SILVER
U St., near Third.
AP OUR BOOMS AND BATH. 1104 LILT AYE.:
X rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
79ll« MCALLISTER-SUNNY FLAT ; 6 BOOMS.
1 —XJ laundry and bath; rent'.s3o.
OR. SUNNY BAY-WINDOW! FLAT OF 6
rooms and bath. 1042 Folsom st.
QT'NNY FLAT; ."ROOMS, BATH. 1706 POST
0 street.
QIQ NE. "< OR POLK AND JACKSON— 4
x^p 10. sunny rooms; bath.
991 CLINTON PARK. BET. GUERRERO
—— 2 and Aiarket— Upper sunny flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
Agenta
1 00l NOE ST..- BLOCK' NORTH OF MAR-
-1 —.)-' ket— 6 rooms; 3 bay-window corner flat ;
rent reduced.
ODE i: NEW SUNNY' FLAT; LOW RENT:*7
rooms: bath and gard-n; top of hill. 921' Fell.
wj »')"•_» 'a NEW. ELEGANT, sunny mod-
»ip^i.O.OU. em hay-window flat; 5 rooms; bath.
625 Golden Gate aye.
»_> ROOMS AT 26 NATOMA: RENT S 7. APPLY
0 BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
H" ANDSOME NEW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 734
Fourteenth, between Market and Sanchez.
SUNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND
hath; 3 bay-windows: key at 1553 Howard st.
Oil I SUNNY BOOMS, BATH AND~ BASE-
xypXA. ment. 26 Lloyd St., off Scott, nr. Waller.
UNNY UPPER FLAT; 7 BOOMS AND BATH;
827 Hayes st. .
AYE CAR FARE— BEST FLATS IN THE
city; 5 and Brooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion: nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome st., room 4.
"\rtRV FINE FLAT: 7 ROOMS; LARGE
x yard: low rent. 2510 Mission : key next door.
91 4 1" FAIR OAKS— NEW~BUNNY LOWER
— ill Bat; 5 rooms, hath; $17 50. LM BSEN A
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
QIC ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
•. 1- . water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any S3O cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG A KROLL. 1006 Broadway. Oakland.
A ED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWiN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Bush Street.
797 BUSH-SUNNY' FURNISHED ROOMS:
1 — I en suite and single, light housekeeping.
i.ddy Street.
1 9/YA EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUITE.
X— U and housekeeping rooms. .
91 EDDY— _TSUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
__iXO keeping: private place: $12 a month.
Q-l 7 EDDY— 2 FURNISHED OR PARTLY
•'1 1 furnished housekeeping rooms; private
family. . .-. •■--'*'
Everett Street. i
Q J EVERETT. NEAR FOURTH— 3 FUR
0"i nished housekeeping rooms.
Fifth Street. ~
tool FIFTH— 9 ROOMS FURNISHED FOB
A^.(j2 housekeeping on the first floor. :
Fillmore Street.
01 f\ FILLMORE. OFF HAIGHT— 3 SUNNY
OXU housekeeping rooms; modern improve
ments: rent $10.
Franklin Street.
jit FRANKLIN— LARGE UNFURNISHEE
AXO room suitable for housekeeping; running
water; use of bath.
Eolsom Street.
HOP. FOLSOM-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
I OO housekeeping rooms; $8 per month.
09/ A FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— SI PER
Q__U week: sunny furnished rooms.
Fourth .treet. *
OA7 FOURTH— SUNN V FURNISHED ROOMS
OxJ I for housekeeping; rent cheap. ■
Geary St . eet.
1 Ql 1 GEARY, OPP. PARK— BI6; ALCOVE
Xo XX suite and adjoining room, with porcelain
sink: bath: 3 closets; partly furnished. .
m- GEARY - PARLOR. BEDROOM
I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds ; all necessaries ; $24.
Howard Street.
"1 fl V? HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
XxJOju, cheap; also single sunny rooms.
Hyde Street.
ROO HYDE-HOUSEKEEPING, EN SUITE
xJxjjj or single: sunny: terms reasonable.
Kearny Street.
-/• > 1 1 KEARNY —TO LET FEB. 1-5 CON-
——fj nectlDg rooms, partly furnished, or 2 unfur-
"■isbf-i*; suitable tor doctor or oflices. ■
Larkin Street.
400 larkin-bayTwindow HOUSEKEEP-
TOt) ing rooms; call after 1 o'clook.
I 00 Pi LA RKIN-NICELY FURNISHED OB
x-xj xjxj unfurnished sunny room; bath; gas.
McAllister Street.
4 -{4O MCALLISTER - FURNISHED ROOM
OrtVl for keeping.
'AAA MCALLISTER ST.-3 SUNNY UNFUB-
Ox-x pished rm- housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
Minna Street.
TO MINNA ST. - SUNNY UNFURN ISHED
I __ housekeeping rooms; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued.
Mission. Street.
Q9DI MISSION-COMPLETELY' FURNISH- "
'' — '>': ed sunny housekeeping or other rooms.
Q*ißl MISSION -COMPLETELY' FURNISH- '
xJ—xJ'i cd sunny houskpg rooms; bath and porch. ;
Pine Street. ,/-/'■
4 UNFURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS; ;
*i $10 a month. 7251/g O'Farrell st. y •
1 "JA\(-\ PINE — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XQxjxj rooms; no children; reference required. *
Sevuntli Street.
~iO(\ SEVENTH-2 LARGE. NICELY FUR-
LOU nished front . housekeeping rooms; yard;
reasonable.-; !
1 f\7- SEVENTH— CONNECTING ROOMS FOB 1
XO I housekeeping; bedroom and kitchen; rea- .
sonable.
. Sixth Street. i
m SIXTH-CHE A PEST TN THE CITY; *
cozy housekeeping rooms *nd single.
South Park.
"I A SOUTH PARK-UNFURNISHED ROOMS
1" for housekeeping; rent reasonable. ._
Third Street.
OCiO THIRD-LARGE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
OxJ^j housekeeping, 10: single, $6.
: ."Vi;.-" '. Turk Street.
A 9QTURK-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY •
x — room for housekeeping.
Van Ness Avenue.
"I /I A VAN NESS — « ELEGANTLY FUR-
X*±U nished front and back suites; housekping.
"Washington Street.
CH9 WASHINGTON - SUNNY N FU R-
-o\J— nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH. OFF FOI "RTH-4 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms; yard ; cheap.
, * WEEKS- N EWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THE
iV WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS TO LEI.
. Bush Street.
Q-l Q BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
OxO ami double room; gas: grate. ;
9 ork BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
OXJ suites and single; also light housekeeping.
California Street.
.)-.)] CALIFORNIA— S ' ' ELEGANT FUR-
— OoX nished rooms and bath; ciieap. * '"*■.".'■.-;-"*;
Eddy Street.
QA7 EDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM; SUIT-
Ox.' I able for 1 or . gentlemen; low rent.
'p7b(\ EDDY"— FURNISHED SUNNY DOUBLE
OOxJ rooms: from $6 up: single ?1 per week.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 12.'. ELLIS— NEW HOUSE;
Incandescent lights in every room; lirst-class
.room, containing all daily papers; open all
night ; rooms per day Sic to $1 50; week, $2 to $8;
month. $8 to iji3o; tire escapes.
r Eighth . .street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Elgin Park.
Of* ELGIN PARK, NEAR RIDLEY-LARGE
OU alcove sunny room: 3 closets; kitchen; run-
ning water and use of bath.
Geary Street.
"A Q GEARY— NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
UXO able fordoctor's offices: single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; reasonable.
1 AUO 1 GEAR. -2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
lv-"'! 1 furnished hall room.
Golden Gate Avenue.
______
91 Q GOLDEN GATE' AYE.— ASANT SUN-
u-xO ny front room; a'so single; low rent.
Grove Street.
"I O GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
XU with or without use of kitchen: $11.
Henry street.
pp\ HENRY*, CORNER NoE, BLOCK NORTH
OX of Market— 2 rooms, with grate; $12.
Howard Street.
090 HOWARD -LARGE FRONT ROOM;
—.O other rooms.
TTooa Howard — ELEGANTLY FCR-
-l 1 -* O nished room; large closet- bath ; for one
person; $5 per month; In American family.
j •> I HI ROW ARD— LARGE P.M.; SUITABLE
-1 — 1 i 2 for 1 or 2 men: gas; bath; private.
Jessie Street.
OCA JESSIE — 3 NICE ROOMS, UNFUR-
UOU nished; large yard: cellar: rent $12.
Jones street.
9f_7 JONES — THE VAN* WINKLE: NEW
A\J I management; . elegant snnns suites and
single; newly furnished ; bath, etc.; .10 to $30.
XI Q JONES— R00M,. 96; ROOM, $12; SAME
O XO as suite, $15.
E 91 I JONES, NEAR GEARY— RUNNY" PAR-
O-jxi lor suite; grate, hath, gas; reasonable.
Kearny street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLE
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in 6very respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street. %
JOQ LARKIN - NICELY' FURNISHED
yX—'J rooms, single and en suite.
"I lA7 LARKIN— F"URN ISHED ROOMS IN
XXUI modern house; running water, etc.
"I 9A aTITaR KIN, OPP. LUBLIN E BATHS-
—x-'x.' Large sunny furnished front room, $8;
single, $5. yryp.y
Market Street.
7*7-7 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
I • I suites and single; housekpg; also offices.
"Y*"OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
x Sixth aDd Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families
U| Q MARKET ST.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
-IK XO nished rooms: month, week or transient.
Marye Terrace.
"1 ("J MARYE TERRACE. 424 TURK-SUNNY
XU single, also a double room; reasonable; bath.
Minna street.
P.CiH MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH- - NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; #1 aweek;
transient.
Mission Street.
Q9XI MISSION - HANDSOMELY FUR-
-o_~Oz nished sunny bay-window front room;
grate ; gas.  ■ ...
I tiPP. MISSION - NICE BUNNY ROOM:
XxJOO grate; $8; also housekeeping rms., cheap.
GIRAND SOUTHER APiiE. COB. 7TH AND
r Mission.reopened; thoroughly renovated :sunny
front rooms ; elegantly furnished single or en suite;
stationary washstands and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
II OT MISSION— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
XXQ I single or en suite; cookine.
ROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Ninth Street. -■ .- . „.'•--
L)n NINTH, NEAR MARKET-FRONT BAY-
—\J window; suite or single: for two gentlemen ;
also light housekeeping; grate; gas: cheap.
O'Farrell Street.
AOCJ O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
. rtxjxj double room; hot and cold water; $10.
Pine Street.
' r»9*| PINE-FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE FOR
1-uX '£ gentlemen; $10; running water; quiet
house. "i"miilHP Ml H l l*ftTWi*'* " *".-:•
I'owell Street^ *
P.OO POWELL, COR. SUTTER— ELEGANTLY
oxj-u furnished corner room for 2; also single rm.
Sansome Street.
AMERICAN EXCHANGE HOTEL, 319 SAN-
some— Light airy rooms, $1 10 $160 a week;
I housekeeping rooms $2 a week up.
Sixteenth Street.
9"! A SIXTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD—
; -lxf nished parlor, bedroom and kitchen; nice
yard; rent $16.
Stockton Street.
, 9091 STOCKTON, OPP. UNION SQUARE—
—\> — ;i Changed ■ hands; newly . renovated | and
pleasant sunny rooms; single or en suite; day,
week or month.
Sutter Street.
AHO SUTTER — NEWLY FURNISHED
xJxtjj double parlor and single rooms.
Taylor Street.
. "1 A A TAYLOR — LARGE ' SUNNY FRONT
1 It/ rooms; newly furnished; single or suite;
with hot water baths.
P. 1 D TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN*
OXXJ ny iron 1. suitable 2 gentlemen:, also single.
PPOO TAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED BIN-
Q*x+x K ie sunny room for gentleman.
Third Street-
Ty.NOn ESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
11 Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night: **1 60 to $6 per week:
electric lights in every room : reading r'm ; free bus.
Turk Street. **
7*.OA/t TURK-NEATLY FURNISHED FRONT
O^j'TH parlors: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
board if desired. -
Van Ness Avenne. .
1111 VAN NESS .AYE. — PLEASANTLY'
X XXX furnished front room; private family.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
7 1 1 9ToST^SUNNY FRO NT PARLOR~WITH
I X__ board ; -825 for 1 and $40 for 2.
HOME COMFORTS; , DOUBLE OB SINGLE,
with board; choice. 1431 Market st. '
HOC ('EARY-N FURNISH SUNNY
'/OO suites: table board; suitable for families.
OTEL BERTLING! 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
era conveniences. - -
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW WISHES 3 CHILDKBNTO
J board; room for parents. 47 Va Gilbert st. . -
yor CAN FIND REFINED home: IN amer^
X ican family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye. , - , :
pOOD HOME FOR CHILDREN: TERMS
VT reasonable; best of reference. 1132 Shotwell.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE TWO
children to care for and send to school; rear
sonable. Address 10*2 Hannah st.. Oakland. .
STORES TO LET.
STORE, ROOMS AND FIXTURES TO LET.
Southeast cor. Broadway and Polk st.
FINE CORNER GROCERY AND BAR TO LET;
cheap rent. Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 140*2
Valencia st., cor. of 25tli. ?. y-P -, -•
"M ARKE T-ST. STORE; LOCATION THE
ITi best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to p. c. MOLLOY', 138 Montgomery st. '.
OFFICES TO LET. '
ELEGANTLY* FURNISHED PARLORS, SUlT-
able lor professional man; occupied ten years
by dentist. 850 Market, cor. Stockton, iirst floor.
If LEG ANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
-building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
cnarge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at bnllding or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montg- st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MRS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 620 Sutter st.; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods" 1 , piano and elocution; ladies and
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
ELOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE, PHYSL
cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. ...
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNI VEj£
0 sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Pheian building. ,
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. S3
Ninth st. ' - -
/ -i ENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
VT tloa will give private lessons in English
branches, booickeeoinK, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office. . .. . ......
HE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 388 Montgomery St.
EMELIE MELYII.I.E WILL RECEIVE A
limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. '2300 Webster st., cor, of Washington.
SPANISH A"ND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
tlliau and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, §A month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room Iff.
"I NDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION. BOOKKEEP-
-1 ing. shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
XJX st. — Board, English, French, piano, dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior ednca-
tlon at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY ;
class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush St.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 72B Mkt.
\7" lOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
xi taught. Prof. L. MERKI, 225 Geary reasonable
O aNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft school Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
Hi LLD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write lor catalogue.
"V IGHT SCH OOL -h E A L D sTllTs." COLLEGE ;'£_■
4m Post: commercial, shorthand, English : low ra'e?
\/"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045% Valencia.
i -x HEJTISTRY* AND ASSAYING. CUN 1 1 7
VJ ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123.
Market: send for cat.: day and evening session.
MEDICAL.
ADIES, ATTENTION — HAVE A Posi-
tive cure for female complaints; trial bottle
free; mall orders promptly attended to. Corona
Remedies, 917 Market st., oflices 1 aud 2.
\ BLESSING TO - LADIES— INSTANT RE-
J\- lief for monthly irregularities from any cause
by the most experienced ladles' physician in Cali-
fornia; latest method: superior to any: beware of
frauds: come direct to Woman's Dispensary. DR.
and MRS. ; DAVIES. - 14 McAllister st., next Hi-
bernia Bank, and avoid blood poisoning or life
injury. French F. Pink Pills, 3.
MME. DE GIERS" MAGIC Won* THE
lX only true method in the world for restoring Ir-
regularities in 8 hours: $5: perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
ADIES. CONSULT FREE- MBS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist in the
City; $500 paid for a case I fail to cure; diseases
of the eye treated especially. - -
NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE. INSTRU"
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day,
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
RS. O. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES iIP
the womb a specla'ty. '230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
DX. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
""Jones. Diseases of women and children.
ILL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE 7
-M- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped at once; home iv con-
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult free.
MRS. DR. AVEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin. •
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure Or no
charge; separate home tor patients: best skill;-
medical attendance; low fees; regulator, S3.
1370 Market.
J ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. solo agents. -
A SURE CURE FOB ALL FEMALE SlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
a IRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
MRS. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
.xl confinement; Irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A" LI'EAU'S PILLS, A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
TF IRREGULAR ok ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X see _!_■<. Dr. Puetz and be content. 254 *■/_ 4th.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~ ~
UTURE" REVEALED;" '7hoROSCOPE",7''_Oc;
send 10c; date of birth for planet, etc.: read-
ings. 2. ; c. PROFESSOR MONROE. 1129 Howard.
M.ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY: SURE TIPS
XXX on races: names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
CLATRVOYANCY, PALMISTRY. " i
PROF. LEON, wonder of the age, lifts no equal:
valuable advice love, business, speculation ; magic
charms: 533 Post St., 9to 8 dally; also Sunday.
C LAIRVOYANCY EXTRAORDINARY—
Hundreds visit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC,
occult, scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Mason-
hours 9 to 8: sittings 50c; satisfaction guaranteed.
MADAM PORTER, CARIKREADER; TELLS
IX the past, present and fulure; ladies 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $1 50. 12.
Turk st., near Jones.
EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st.
TARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865y 2 Market.
MME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future up.764 Howard st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and. cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
Ing excepted; names given: good advice: sore
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake lm-
possible; fee 1 ; letter 82. 920 Post St., nr. Larkin.
A UGU-TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms. love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee 81 and upward. : ■._.'_ .Mission, nr. Twentieth.
spiritualism!
YPNOTISM OR MESMERISM TaUGHTt-
Four (4) different methods taught in lour
weeks' time, A rare -chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those Interested in its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved. if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nishing first-class reference or recommendations,
Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRT'CUM-
MlNi'S, Ph. ('., box 121, Call Oflice.
TO-DAY, AT 111) HAVES ST. ; LADIES'
__TpP_7 benefit. MAUD LORD DRAKE: 10c.
Gi Y'PSY PALMIST-^SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
Vy days included). 846 Mission street.
ETURNED, MRS. J C.MEYER, TRANCE
Xt business medium: cir. Mon., Fr. 2514% Sutter.
R. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer aud i ranee medium. 597 Ellis st.
Ml:-. .1. ... WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
tr.mce medium: sittings $I.* _18 Stockton st.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
CONTINENTAL ILDI NGTaND" LOAN AS
sociation— Home offlce, 222 , Sansome St., S. P,
Genertl savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill, Prea;
Oliver Eldridge V.Pr.; W Corbln, Sec.it Gen.Maa ,
CITY REAL 7 ESTATE. 7
rx H. UMBSEN <fi7 CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery St., near Market.
Cell end obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
which contains a list of properties for sale In all
ramot the city. _____ *
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
AA A 3 ELEGANT NEW BAY-WINDOW
<Jp I UUU. flats of 6, 5 and. 5 rooms and bath
eacli, etc.; actual rent $65 per month: this is a
splendid investment: bargain.
'__ 9 AAA CHOICE DOWNTOWN . BUSI-
-©OO.UUU. ness corner near Market st. : im-
provements rent for $157 per month; lot 30x80.
<i_ROP.fi A FINE NEW BAY-WINDOW
©U— residence of 8 rooms and bath, laun-
dry, etc., etc. north side of - O'Farrell St.; nice lo-
cation; mortgage of $5000 at 7 per cent: can re-
main if desired. '
rf_Of*:AA NEW BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
©__OUU. of 5 rooms and bath; laundry; base-
ment: brick foundation, etc.: nice flower garden ;
lot 26x114; Army St.; near Guerrero-st. electric
road. ;■; ' . z-y/z
C_ A7P. A ANOTHER SNAP; LOVELY HOME
©*I I OU. 00 Fulton St.; nearly new bay-window
cottage of 6 rooms and bath, etc. -.brick founda-
tion ; lot 25x137:6. --- ' " .
C_O^AA POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD;
©__«JUU. Clementina-st. investment; house of
7 rooms and lot 25x80. -"-.'_,.■"*.
<JL'7£AA A GRAND BARGAIN; RENT $74
© i OUU. per month: 2 houses and 2 flats; Pine
St.; lot 25x120; 2 frontages. . '
C_ Q.OP. A 2-STORY BASEMENT HOUSE OF
©UJjOU. 9 rooms and bath: brick foundation;
Harrison s:.; lot 25x85.
ffIiQAAA FILLMORE ST.; 4 SUBSTANTIAL
©t/UUU. bay-window flats; brick foundation;
lot 48x81:3; rent $70 per month.
S 7 All A BUSINESS CORNER ON 22D ST.;
tJJ) 1 UUU. substantial building In store and flat;
brick foundation ; stone walks; both streets ac-
cepted; lot 27x90
© 11 A A ANOTHER GIVEAWAY; 3 PLATS;
©-±1 UU. corner on Greenwich St.; rent $49;
large lot. :
fIiOQXA TREAT AYE.; 2 HOUSES; RENT
»Js_iOoU. $24; lot 30x110 and 90.
d_f?Q^A A BARGAIN; RENT $72 60; 3
<3>OOOU. elegant new modern flats; on Fulton
St.: lot 25x137:6. ■■ -
GiOQflA COTTAGE ON" THE MISSION
©ZOUU. electric line; 24th st.; 5 rooms, etc.;
lot 25:11x114; easy terms.
GUQAAA CLAY ST. INVESTMENT; 2 SUB-
©OUUU. stantial bouses; rent $60 per month
above water; lot 37:6x71; street accepted; good
Investment, "--.v.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
O'FAKRELL A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
HOUSE BROKERS AND AUCTIONEERS.
©QAAA PACIFIC ST., NEAR LARKTN-
«POUUU. Business property ; rents $24.
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— ST.,
corner Presidio Heights; make an offer;
25x95:6. _____
<__ GAAA TURK ST.. NX. VAN NESS AYE.—
©OUUU. sold for absentee: 27:6x120 to rear
street; Improvements rented for $40 per
month ; one of the few inside pieces that can
be bought at a low figure.
ffl« A AAA GOUGH PINE LOCATION;
©OUUU. surrounded by elegant improvements;
street accepted; pays 9 per cent; flats of 7
rooms and bath each.
QQ-Afl RENTS $40; 4 NEARLY NEW
©OOUU. flats: near 18th and Valencia sts.;
street paved with bituminous rock; stone
sidewalk; make offer. '///A
Q.^nnA. POLK-ST. RESIDENCE; AN IM-
©OUUU. mediate offer wanted: nearly new; 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
ffl. 1 fiAA ONLY - NEAR LEAVENWORTH
©XUUU and Pacific; 2-story house of 7 rooms
suitable lor one or two families. . * H-;--'
Cj.IKAA REDUCED FROM S6000; CAI.T-
-«3SttOUU. fornia St.. near Larkin: rine sunny
lot; flats on this lot would pay 10 per cent.
<S 1 UAH EACH— V LOW ; 2 LOTS 1
©X_jU" block from Castro-st. cable-cars; near
Market ami 17th sis.; each 24:8x126: worth
$1100 each.
Clfi^AA PROBATE SALE-NEAR MAR-
«JpUUUU. ket and 4th sts.; 3 houses on 50 feet
front:' must be sold to close an estate: pays
10 per cent.
A CHANCE TO GET A HOME.
ON EASY TERMS.
FINE LOTS ALL READY FOR BUILDING.
. PRICE $350 TO $550.
TAKE MISSION-ST. ELECTRIC CABS.
GET OFF AT FRANCIS ST.
APPLY AT OUR OFFICE ON TRACT.
ONLY 10 LOTS LEFT. " -
SEE THEM AND YOU WILL BUY.
O'FABRELL&CO..
■ '.'.T-TT-T 11 Montgomery st.
NE LEFT OF THOSE ELEGANT COTTAGES
on Shotwell st., near 17th; $3600; easy terms:
5 rooms: bath; gas; high basement; open daily.
E. P. E. TROY', owner, 301 California st. .
C_Al) AAA SW. CORT~OF~POTRERO AYE.
©l__.UUU.and El Dorado St.; 3 frontages;
140x200x170. ASHToN A GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st. ' ■ ' \-
UY'A LOT "" "—"
Before Sutro's New
Electric Road starts
to run. on February 1.
You will make money
if you do. lots on 25th - -» pyA-'
aye., Clement and Point Lobos.
.Prices $375 and upward. Terms
$50 cash, $10 monthly. No shifting sand.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st. 4.
C. BEMTS. [ ~~ - - ■. •
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERYST.
FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st. "
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or In subdivisions.
.si I,ooo— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st. ; 55x
137:6 feet.
$2600— E. side of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. -
-$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
parte; 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana . Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. Noo and Castro: 25
3*114 feet.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
RARE BARGAIN.- ■..-. --■ :-. . - ..;--■ •■ ;.' ...•,•■-. . -
XV A thorough home; 6 large rooms, bath, laundry
and stable: 2-story; bay-windows; nearly new:
built by day for owner's use; sickness cause of
sale; lot 25x120: Fifth aye., near Point Lobos
aye. : price $3800. *••-*.
. DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE.
BOVEE, TOY A CO., 19 Montgomery st. :
COME AND SEE
GOOD LEVEL LOTS,
26x100 to 120,
IN BERKELEY.
ONLY $200 EACH. ONLY $1 WEEKLY.
BRIGHT PROSPECTS.
GOOD VIEWS, SOIL AND DRAINAGE;
Free maps ; free ride to property. -
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
<E_ A Of*. IF SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
©X__o worth double; 2 blocks south of tho
park; cash; title insurance; owner at once.
9 Powell st., room 3.
ffljl WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS, *
©I $100— Lot 100x100: $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. * - * : '.
$175— Lot 25x136; $1 weekly.
$250— 25x100: $1 weekly: sewered. .
f 325— 26x100; $1 50 weekly ; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
' $160— Lot, 21x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. ■■;.-* y_ .
O BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
tateand business of every description.* A. J.
PROPER <*; CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
FOB SALE OR EXCHANOE : FOR , SAN
X Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28*/ Zoe st., city. -
3 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
flow, manteis.etc, built for s3*2oo; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS McCONAHAY',II49 Mission
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR . 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. ;
PROPOSALS.
\FoTICEI^ NOTICE 18 HEREBY ""gIVKN
JL\ that I will on THURSDAY, February 6, 1896,
at, 2 o'clock p. M., at the Courthouse in Yuba City,
Sutter County, Cal.,* receive scaled proposals for
the surrender of bonds issued on levee district No.
1 of . Sutter County, -according -to an act of the
Legislature approved April 9, 1880, to the amount
of ten thousand ' ($10,000) dollars. ■■ No bids above
par will be accepted. All bends must accompany
the bids. . ,:L. J. COPE,
Treasurer Sutter county, Cal.
Yuba City, January 22,1896.
SEWINO MACHINES'
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGE^"
rented. repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourih st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE,-. '._
LANDOWNERS HAVING TRACTS OF LAND
for sale suitable for growing citrus fruits where
water can be obtained, state location, extent, price.
Address WOOD CO.. Portervllle, Tulare County."
-fill 000 REDUCED FROM $2000; ABOVE
<IP XUA/U. Sacramento: 40 acres all Al level
land: fenced, ploughed and v water-ditch ; a few
large oaks: excellent surroundings. LEE &
KISER, 308 Montgomery st. , ,
ffl; OOKl\ 10 ACRES, 21/2 MILES FROM
, x§)-jj_o\f. Petaluma. 14 mile | from depot; aI
level* Nnd; new 4-room cottage: barn; assorted
fruit trees: $500, balance on time. LEE A
KISKR, 306 Montgomery st. -■ .
4TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN* RANCHES ON* 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
V OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two j
and a half miles from Oakdale, tho principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontheline ween
Stockton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and Saa
Joaquin Irrigation Comnany's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right. ' ■•;..-. ----.';
We are prepared to sell portions of tha property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean: Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th<» property, is under : the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
aifferent county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents. :.---. ■ ■-
A high and dry country, with • a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters. ■
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land wltn fully paid up water rights, $70 *
peracre. Terms: The purchase price payable la
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress _•-* ;• -vv**. -...-
.ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
*..;>:; 638 MarKet Street.
San Francisco, Cal.
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
?■"'" , _^^__ Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. --zyp
Rancho de Novato. A'A
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no Irrigation; both rail ami water
transportation; $40 to $75Deracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
- SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER A WH IT TON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY to loan.
dv7as?ses^onlhTam7jnt)s7^
Columbia Loan A Collateral Offlce. 9 Grant aye.
0 PER CENT ON FURNITURE WITHOUT RE-
raoval; 6 per cent on real estate. TRAVERS,
632 Market St., room 6. - " 4 ''/■"--/'' ■■'»•:_
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D AIORTGAGES:
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 34 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ORTGAGEST PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON A CO.. 328Montgmry,r,214.
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party ; low Interest ; strictly private. 215 Powell.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st. .nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
XJ or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market st.
I ST <fe 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS i .*'" ES-
Xtutes slowest rates deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt,
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO W 1 1 1-
-out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins,- silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
MONEY TOLOAN* ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
-I>X laterals. JAMES E. DAMON*. 303 Montgy"*st.
MONEY LOANED, 6% PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. A. F. JOHNS A Co.. 63*.' Market st.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
JU mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS— AND SECOND AIORTGAGES;
city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle biiildin..
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY~S'_\r^OOM^^I«6^EY
Jz\- loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREl^lTfvoTu'in^
ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, Wilis, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
T.l. MURRY, ATT'Y* and COUNSELOR AT
« law-, advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNS Y-AT-LAW\42O
. California St.. rms. 14-15: view free.
physicians.
Dr.a.pk bgeonTroyal
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
KEMOV J_D— G. O. OTJONNELL TO 1206
Marketst.: diseases of women a specialty.
.KiAL NOTICES. ,
SAN FRANCISCO. OAIZ^A_SL27riSB— — tS_B
O partnership of J. AS. DANNENBAUM is here-'
by dissolved by mutual consent.* ■■■■''
JOSEPH DANNENBAUM; '* -
' - '1 SALOMON DANNENBAUM. .
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN AND FOR
1 ' the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California— Department No. 10— Probate.
In the matter of the estate of TOMASO CRES-
TA, alias TOMASSO CRESTA, and also called
THOMAS CRESTA; deceased. Order' to show
cause why order of sale of real estate should not be
made. '
A. C. FREESE, the administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of TOMASO CRESTA, alias
TOMASSO CRESTA, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an order
of sale of a portion of the real estate of said deced-
ent, for the purposes therein set forth.
it is therefore ordered by the said court that all
persons interested in the estate of said deceased
appear before the said Superior Court on MONDAY",
the 2_th day of February, 189-', at 10 o'clock in
tho forenoon of said day, at the courtroom of De-
partment No. 10— Probate— of said Superior Court,
at the new City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California." to show cause why
' an order should not, be granted to the said admin-
istrator with the will . annexed to sell so much of
the real estate of the said deceased as shall be
necessary. ..
And that a copy of this order be published at
least once a week for four successive weeks in the
-San Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published in said city and county.
Dated January 21, A. D. 1896.
CHARLES W. SLACK. Judge of the Superior
Court.
J. D. SULLIVAN, attorney for administrator,
310 Pinest. rmi\.itmmi%j_< |\| *q Q' i-l,'"""|yi milYlWiii
BENJAMIN HEALEY", of counsel for adminis-
trator. - . ■",,.■>.■ •'.'•;■
VfOTICE TO CR EDITORS — ESTATE OF
4.1 CHARLUS O'M ALLEY", deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, administrator of
the estate of the said deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers, within four (4) months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administrator at his
offices, 319 Pine street, .San Francisco. Cal., the
same being his place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate In tbe City aud County
of San Francisco, State of California.
.:"-". A. C. FREESE,
Administrator of the estate of CHARLES
O'M ALLEY, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, January 7. 1896. . •
J. D. SULLIVAN", attorney for administrator,
319 Pine st., S. 1".. Cal. - ■ .
. , ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
rTIHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
•• X Valley ■ Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. City and Ceunty of San
Francisco, State of California.
'.' Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4,
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895, the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows :
. .' -No. No. V '■_:--
Cer. Sh'rs. Amt.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. - Phe*lan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, K. W.
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees. 465 1 $10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, * *. v,
James 'D. Pheian, . Lovell
* White, O. D. Baldwin, James *
' Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. ipA". - ..
Van Slcklen, Christian . de
Guigne.trustees......... 445 3 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel • Meyer.
James D. Pheian, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. P. W.
Van . Slcklen, Christian de
- Guigne, tru5tee5..:.............. 608 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James 'D. =' Pheian. ■: Lovell %
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
Van -Slcklen, Christian de '
Gnigne, trustees ;....;. 588 1 -10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, '
James Is. * Pheian. ' Lovell '
White, O D. Baldwin, James .
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. *-• :'-. .. T "
Van 1-. Sicklen. > Christian \ de ~ ■■ :
' Guigne, tru5tee5..:......... 508 - 1 , .10
'And in "accordance with law and order of tho
Board of Directors made on theTOth day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so man j- shares of each . parcel of such
stock as may be necessary will . be sold at public
auction at the office of said company, No. 321
; Market St., in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, on . the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said day to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. / &aKXttaf!i{umimtb^aßgmaMtoma
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
Office, No. 321 Market st., San Francisco,
" POSTPONEMENT. -
PBy order of the Board 'of Directors of said cor-
poration ; made and ; entered * upon - the ■ ; records
; thereof upon the 21st day of January, 1896, the
date of the delinquency of said assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896. and
: the date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned , until ' the * 10th : day ; of - February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day. -.-. -.-•< ■■.;. . .-
•„_-__.._. ALE___vNDi"R MACKUJ. Secretary..
OAKLAND ■ ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LARGE EXPRESS OFFICE FOR RENT;
just the : place for storage of furniture. See
E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
AYE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland.'- Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland.
"fltQnO HERE'S A CHANCE FOR A HQME:
xip OXJXJ. a 7-room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center; this Is a snap. \V.
E. BARNAND <fc SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
CORNER LOT FRONTING .ON A STREET
macadamized, sewered and sidewalked, 520 a
foot: good neighborhood. W. E. BARNAND A
SON, 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
HERE'S A SNAP, OWNER MUST SELL;
modern ■ 5-room cottage; large stable; lot
50x100; central location; Eighteenth st. near
Brush; pays income of $300 per year: price only
$3000; cost .$4000: this must be taken quick.
*>*. ■ E. BARNARD A SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
Q» £>oflfi B_UYs A 2-STORY HOUSE ON SUN-
x\pxjxjxj\j ny side of street; 8 large rooms; 3
mantels; lot 32x101; close to cars, churches and
schools and short walk to business centers. W. E.
BARNARD A SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
CASH VALUE $3500: PRICE "FOR 10 DAYS
/ $2500: fine corner lot; 101x103: convenient
to businesscenter; cottage; s rooms; bath; street
work, stone walks complete; mortgage $2000 can
remain. -
Sl5OO less than actual cost; lot 50x95; house of
8 rooms, bath, with barn; street work, .tone side-
walks complete; 4 blocks to local station: price
$2000; mortgage at bank $1600.
$1000 discount if sold at once; fine corner lot;
100x120; neat cottage; street sewered:* side-
walked: nice surroundings, and only 3 blocks from
local station: price $2700; $800 cash.
$1600— Neat cottage; in excellent location; lot
26:6x135; street work, cement sidewalks com-
plete; terms *75 cash, balance $20 per month.
J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
<J_ 1 Af) LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
xfp X \J\J . come to-day. LODGE A POWELL.
$Of i MONTHLY Foil 6-ROOM COTTAGE-.:
*$)j&\J plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gat?! statu.
<& "1 X A LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
xlDXxjyj, Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good Improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
CpWlfV^OWrnrELEGA^^ S^ROOM
<JP -L xjxj modern cottage In center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150: price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda. •_
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
OTT A<rE7 77r0OmT~B ATHJ G^^TOVE;
■ba ement; ail modern conveniences; good
yard; choice location; near Morton station. J. S.
HANLKY. 1351 Pork st.
i i i « -____-_——____— ___.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL ESTATE.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY" LANDS.
19,000 acres In subdivisions for fruit planting
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara st., San Jose, CaL
<i DENTISTS. •
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT aI-ATeTdrTiL
o <;. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DX. 1.1-.olU'K W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates. $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., SIS Geary.
. ,11. il. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGET
JL/ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R. L. T. EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
(x 1 too M 1 KN TA 1. ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\P ker, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings inn $1 : extracting 50c. with gas $1.
qlh a set for TEETH: WARRANTED as
-J) I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HILI., 1443 MARKET ST,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
VTket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
T-jR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE - AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
MARRIAGE -V 5...'"..
The following marriage license's were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday.
M. Bianchini and Josephine Guffantl, 29—30.
M. Agullar and Tomasa Pedroarena. 33—24.
A. J. Salisbury and Flora I. Ballinger, 22— 22. .
H. Winn and Mary F. Bourne, 28—22.
F. C. Walker and Edna M. Joiner, .7—
J. l-"rank Mullen and Laura Strong, 22—22.
C. N. Clemens and Helen E. Moses, 40—23.
B. L. Davenport and Alice C. Hansen, 28—21.
Julius Ptlng a^nd Anettey K. Weihs, 30—25.
A. W. Eyre and Theda Warner, 32—26.
Henry Mensor and May Aitkens, 35—25. '
C. G. Meyer and Katherine M. Dickson. 37—32.
DIVORCE PROCEED
Complaints filed:
Mary Castello against Manuel Castello.
Robert J. Sheridan against Sarah E. Sheridan.
Nellie Lee against John Lee.
Hattie A. Sharts against Alton J. Sharts.
James C. Cambridge against Belle, £alnbridge;
cross-ccmpiaint filed by defendant.
Divorces -granted: ''-.:// ■■'■
Thomas A. Kirkpatrick from Charlotte E. Kirk-
patrick, for desertion; by Judge Murphy.
Clara* Kavanagh from William Kavanagh, for
habitual Intemperance; by Judge Daingerfield.
William Forest from May Forest, for desertion;
by Judge Sanderson. . . •"
Delia Sevey from George L. Sevey, for failure to
provide; by Judge Sanderson.
IIKTHS— MAKRIKJES— DEATHS.""
BORN.
KEPHAN— In this city, January 25, 1896, to the
wife of George Kephan, a son.
NILSON— In this city, January 7, 1896, to the
wife of Captain O. B. Nilson. a daughter.
SCHULTZ— In this city, January 14, 1896, to the
wife of George Schultz, a sou.
SMYTH— In this city, January 28, 1896, to the
wife of J. T. Smyth, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERGIN— MULHALL— In this city, January 19,
1896, at St. Brendan's . Church, by the Rev.
* Father Gannon, Martin Bergin and Margaret
Mulhall. -..--.
GUEMBEL— HOEHNER— In this city, January
25, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles
Guembel and Martha Iloehner.
JOHNSON— COiiEMAN— In this city, January 25,
1596, by the Rev. J. Fueudeling, Robert John-
son of Vallejo, Cal., and Annie Maria Coleman of
San Francisco.
KAECHLIN— In this city, January 26,
1896, by- the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Ernest H.
Kaechlln of Berkeley, Cal., and Emilie Joos of
San Francisco, -
MEYER- DICKSON— In this city, January 27,
1896. by the Rev. J. F'uendeling, Claus G. Meyer
- and Katherine M. Dickson.
STREU-HILLMANN— In this City, January 18,
1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles Streu
and Dora Hitlmann.
. DIED.
Anderson. John King, George
Barfoot, Rebecca Loughran, James S.
L^akely, Mary Lyucb, Thomas . :
Bohlmann, Johann McDonogh, James
Carpaneto, Louis ■ Mcllwain, John '
Dean, Lilly - ■ Marks, Abraham C.
Dunlap, Margery A. Oakes, Patrick - :.- ■■■ .- -
Engwer, William A. Oliver. Henry A.
Flavin, Mrs. Mary Rahlll, Andrew
Fury, Ellen Safried, Frederick •
Gauch. Kate Schaffield, John T.
Gray, John T. . Simmons, Morris J. -
Hedberg, Hilda M. Spannhacke, Anion
Keyer, John Stein. Rosalia .
Kelly, Thomas E. Telsseire, Victoire
Van Vliet, Emanuel
ANDERSON— this city, January 27, 1896. John
Anderson, a native of -Sweden, aged 4. years.
JBBP Friends and : acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend :ho funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of McAvoy A Gallagher, SO Fifth street.
Interment I. O. O.F. Cemetery.
BARFOOT— In this city, January 26, 1896, Re-
becca Barfoot, a native of New York, aged 63
years.
BLAKELY— In Oakland, January 27, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of Edward Blakelv, and mother of
Alfred, Walter, Mary and Jennie Blakely.
JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY"
(Wednesday), at 2 O'clock' p. m., from her ; late
' residence, 556 Third street, near Clay, Oakland.
Interment «t. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. , ■ • . ..
BOHLMANN-Vln.thls city. < January - 27, 1836,
Johann, beloved son of Johann and , Marie Bohl-
mann, ■ brother *of Henry, Hermann,* Albert.
. Anna and Elizabeth Bohlmann, and nephew of
Hermann and Ellen Bohlmann and Hermann
Meyer, a native of Bremen, Germany, aged 23
years. .:■- "■ ..-'- ■.-■'.'-,
flS*r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS' DAY.
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the resi-
dence of his brother, 121 Sliver street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. :
CARPANETO— this city, January 27, 1896,
Louis, beloved husband of Maura curpaneto. and
father of Mrs. H. River, and Mrs. W. Mead, na- .
tive of Italy, aged 65 years. .'. -■
«5TThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his lata
residence, 501 Octavia street.
DEAN— this city, January 27. 1896, Lilly Dean,
beloved daughter of P. V. Dean, and sister of
Harry, Fred and Ida Dean; a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years.
"{^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Petersen & Gantner. 8 and 10 City Hall
square. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DUNLAP— in this city. January 28, 1896, Margery
A., dearly bejoved wife of .William Dunlap, and
mother of William 11. , Fred T. and Ada M. Dun-
hip, a native of Frederlctou, N. 8., Dominion of
Canada, aged 43 years 9 mouths and -8 days. -
[Philadelphia (Pa.) and Frederlctou (N. B.>
papers please copy. J
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 8 Fair Oaks street, oi* Eighteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car.
ENGWER— In this city, January 26, 1896. William
A., beloved husband of Mathilda Engwer, and
father of William. Bertha. Charles, Edward, Til-
lie. Emily and Arthur Engwer. a native of Po-
land, aged 61 years 1 month and 5 days.
A3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence. 820 Lombard street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. .
FLAVIN— In this city. January 26, 1896. Mrs.
Mary Flavin, a native of Canada, aged 60 years.
FURY*— In this city, January 27, 1896, Ellen
Fury, beloved auiit of Joseph. Daniel, Patrick
and James Boland, a native of Kings County,
Ireland, aged 63 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock _.. m., from the par-
lon of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to old St. Mary's College Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GAUCH— In this city, January 28, 1896, Kate,
beloved wife of Adam Gauch,- mother of Carrie
and Willie Gauch, beloved daughter of George
and Kate Hauser, and sister of Mrs. C. Young,
Mrs. H. Hunken and Annie, George, Henry and
Willie Hauser, a native of San Francisco, aged
31 years 4 months and 4 days.
j&'eirNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GRAY— In Alameda. January 27, 1896. John T.
Gray, a native of England, aged 62 years and 7
months. ::-,--. ::■-_._
JBfS"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuueril THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 1414 Lafayette street, Alameda. In-
terment private, Mountain View Cemetery.
HEDBERG— In . this city, January 27, 1896,
Hilda Maria, beloved daughter of A. R. Hedberg,
and sister of Aucusta- Jennie, Annie. Emma,
Eva, Charlie and .luanita Hedberir. a nativeof
Muskegon, Michigan, aged 12 years 8 months
and 24 days. -. - *
JKS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her father, 2216 Filbert street, between
Fillmore * and Steiner. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. . • :. Ay -*
KELLY— In Oakland, January 27, 1898, Thomas
Edward, beloved son of Barbara Kelly, a native
of California, aged 10 years 11 months and 13
days.
US* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Wednesday) from the residence of his grand-
mother, Mrs. T. Madden, thence to St. Francis
de Sales Church, where services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment Su
Mary 's Cemetery. Oakland.
KEY*EK— In this city, January 26. 1896,- John,
beloved husband of Sadie Keyer, and father of
George, Charley and Esther Keyer, a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 50 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), The ceremony will he conducted
by Alcatraz Lodge No. 21-1. F. and A. M., of Oak-
land. Members of said lodge and all Master
Masons are requested to assemble at Masonic
Hall, corner Sixteenth and Valencia streets, at L
o'clock p. m. sharp; funeral services at 1:30
o'clock p. m. Divisions Nos. 161 and 283, Loco-
motive Engineers, are also requested to be In at-
tendance at the above place of meeting. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KING— In this city, January 28. 1896, George, be-
loved son of Ann and William King, and brother
of Warren and William King, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years.
LOUGHRAN— In Stockton, January 26, 1896,
James **-. only son of Thomas and the late Mary
('. Loughran, a native of Boston, Mass.
LYNCH— In this city. Jannary 27, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Lynch, and
father of Thomas and John J. Lynch, Mrs. F. E.
Andrews and Mrs. G. Ullius, a native of Connty
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 69 years and 6
months.
fiSTFrlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. „., from the
residence of his son, Thomas Lynch. 7 1 _ McLea
court, off Ninth street, between Harrison and
Bryant, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
services will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McDONOGII— In this city, January 28, 1896,
James McDonogh, a native of Ireland, aged 79
years. ■
IBS"- Interment private. No flowers.
McILWAIN — In this city, January 28. 1896. Jolin
Mcllwain, beloved brother of Agnes and the late
Alexander Mcllwain. uncle of Lizzie and A.gie
Mcllwain, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 63
years 9 months and 11 days.-
-£s*rFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW.
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. xt., from his late
residence, 161 Shipley street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. .
MARKS- In this city, January 27. 1895, Abraham
C, beloved husband of Celia Marks, father of
Lutle and Eva Marks, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. Harris Marks, and brother of Mrs. G. Green-
field and Louis. Jacob, Daniel am! Meyer Marks, *
a native of Chicago, 111., aged 26 years and 8
months. " ■>-. '-.-.
flfS"F*riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att. ml the funeral services
THIS DAY( Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a.m., at the
parlors of Theodor mortis, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth.' Interment New Salem
Cemetery by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
OAKES— In Colma, San Mateo County, January
28, 1896, Patrick, beloved husband of Julia
Oakes, and father of James, Maggie and Eddie
Oakes, Mrs. Thomas Harrison and Mrs. Thomas
Toohey, a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged "
: 54 years.
jSSTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerai TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, Colma, thence to St. Ann's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul,* commencing at 10:30.
- o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLIVER— In this city, January 28, 1896, Henry
A., son of David and Hettle B. Oliver, a native of
California, aged 0 years 9 months and 7 days.
RAHILL— In this city, January 27, 1896, Andrew,
dearly- beloved husband of Ann Rahlll, a native
of the parish of Larah, County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 45 years.
fife" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday*, at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late -
residence, 11 34 Stevens' street, between Her-
mann and Ridley, near Valencia, thence to st.
.' Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and Howard
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of bis soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. xt. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Y. M. C. Officers and members of Lett Assem-
bly No. 4, Y. M. C. V., are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother, Andrew
Rahiii, THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock a. m., from hlslate residence. 1143 Stev-
enson street, near Thirteenth. Fines for non-
attendance. J. MOLLOY', President.
J. J. Shkahan*, Rec. Sec.
SAFRIED— In this city, January 26, 1896, Fred-
erick Safried, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 78
. years.
SCHAFFIELD— In this city, January 26, 1896,
John Theodore, beloved son of William A. and
Mary E. Schaflield, and brother cf Willie, Agnes,
Bernie, May, Annie -and Reine Schaflield and
Mrs. Louis Gomo, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years 8 months and 1 day. A member of
Company I, League of the . Cross Cadets of St.
Peter's Church. [Cleveland and Elyria (Ohio)
papers please copy.] '
BSs~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeralJTHlS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
. dence of his parents, 1318 Florida street, be-
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to
St. Peter's Church. Alabama street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock
. a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by 11:45
o'clock a. M.* train from Twenty-sixth and
Valencia streets.
SPANNHACKE— In this city, January 27, 1896,
Anton, . beloved husband of Maria A. Spann-
hacke, and father of Lizzie, Katie and Conrad
Spannhacke, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 66 years 7 months and 18 days. ..
flSjrFriends and ' acquaintances are resoect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY'
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy A Gallagher, -20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Boniface's . Church. Golden Gate
avenue, for services. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery by 11 :4fi o'clock a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets.
SIMMONS— In this city, January 27, 1398. Morris
J. Simmons, a native of New York, aged 49
years.
STEIN— In; Sacramento. January 25, 1896,' Ro-
salia Stein, a native of Province of Posen.
TEISSEIRE— In St. He;,-,,., January 27, 1896,
. Victoire ; Telsseire, a native of France, aged 63
years. . i^_jM>tBB*gS<s_pfe__gf^_S^3^^t_a--im
VAN VLlET— January 27. 1896, Emanuel Van
Vliet, a native of England, aged 78 years.
UNITED UNDEKTAki-ICS' '
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals!
.**>-" at Reasonable Rates. .
- Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street. 1
___— ■«.■■ im nfm-.t. ■ ■iir-— ii ■__■____«_-_<
WIcAVOY & CALL AC HER""' "
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM KRS,
80 -Tilth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
■ '-/'■-■■ Telephone 3080. <'
,ii ■ . .. * - -
"CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
INSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAN;
laid oat on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see it before
fcuyUij a burial place elsewhere.
City Ottice, tt Lily Hall Avenue.
1516
TURNEY DIED AT
THE THROTTLE.
The Engineer as He Was
Found in the Wreck
at Sausalito.
DEATH BY DROWNING.
Medical Examination Shows That
the Body Was Not
Crushed.
HAULING THE ENGINE ASHORE.
The Work Was Completed by the
Wrecking Crew Last Night.
What Officers Say.
William F. Turney, the engineer who
lost his life in the wreck at the Sausalito
ferry slip early yesterday morning, died
with his hand at the throttle.
He was trying to run his engine off the
collapsing wooden apron when taken down
in the crash, and there is no indication
that he made any attempt to escape from
his cab before he was caught and pinioned
by the falling machine. He could have
jumped when the first warning of the
cracking timbers was heard. That was
done by Fireman Williams, but the en
gineer made the fatal delay of an instant
for the sake of doing his duty.
Turney was a brave man, as his asso
ciates declare, and the railroad officers tes-
tify that he had always been faithful in
performing his work. He made an error
of judgment in running his engine upon
the apron that connected the wharf with
the steamer, but he did all in his power to
THE SCENE AT THE SAUSALITO WHARF YESTERDAY WHEN THE WRECKERS WERE AT WORK.
[ From a sl_.oto]_. mndo toy ex " Call " staff artist. ]
:orrect the error at the instant of his danger.
It was not by being crushed between the
engine and the tender that the man was
.iiled, as had been supposed, but by
drowning. That was ascertained by the
medical examiner after the body had been
taken out of the water yesterday evening.
When the actual plunge came Turney was
:anght by one leg between the engine and
lender and the leg was broken, but that
-■■jury would not have been sufficient to
:ause death, and the engineer did not re
tease his hold on the lever even while
irowning.
At low tide yesterday morning, about 5
"■'clock, a force or about twenty men began
the attempt of removing the engine from
Ihe ferry slip. It was at the freight slip
that the accident occurred, and bo there
iras no interference with the regular trips of
:be passenger steamer. A huge derrick
vas stationed on the wharf at the end of
•.he track, but that would not sustain the
sower that was needed to move the huge
Machine tbat was then half buried in the
water. All that could be seen of Turney
was the right hand, which rested on the
*ab window.
As the derrick was not powerful enough
;o remove the engine a huge lifting-shears
K&t rigged up on the wharf, the prepara
tory worK occupying the entire day. The
srst object of the railroad men was to get
;he engineer's body out of the wreck. In
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report .
Ji...^^ jsssss*-) ITWfYiti?!.
ABSOLUTELY PURE
WILLIAM F. TURNEY, THE ENGINEER WHO WAS KILLED AT SAUSALITO.
[From a -photograph.]
that attempt cables were attached to the
tender and. a locomotive tugged at the
cables. That effort was unsuccessful, how
ever, and the work was not accomplished
until after 6 o'clock, when the big shears
picked up the broken engine and slowly
raised it out of the water and on to the ex
tension of the railroad track.
A crowd of from 200 to 300 people watched
at the scene of the accident all day long,
and man}- persons went from San Fran
cisco.
The body of Turney was examined by a
physician, who ascertained that the only
serious fracture* or bruise was just above
one knee, where the leg was broken. Death
had resulted from drowning. After the
examination the body was removed to San
Rafael.
Mrs. Turney, the widow, is an invalid,
and it is feared that she will not survive
the shock. She and her husband, with
their little child, had recently moved into
their new home in San Rafael.
At 1 :30 o'clock yesterday morning, when
the accident occurred, Mrs.. Turney was
visiting at the home of her neighbor, Mrs.
Cochrane. She was waiting for her hus
band to return, as usual, at 1 o'clock, and
while she was .waiting she fell asleep in
the rocking-chair. Her husband, she
knew, was late.
Just after she bad fallen asleep a mes
senger arrived to tell her that her husband
had been killed. ' -.■".'. * ,
The members of the Cochrane family* re
ceived the message. .They : thought best
not to awaken their invalid friend to tell
her of the accident, and so Mrs. Turney
slept till nearly morning. The news pros
trated the woman, and it is feared that the
result will be fatal.
Mrs. James Morrow of 436 Fifth street is
a sister of the dead engineer, and Miss
Maggie Turney, another - sister, .resides
with her. Their mother died two years ago.
William Francis Turner was born in
Corte Madera, Marin County, 33 years ago.
He learned his trade as engineer in the
narrow-gauge railroad '. shops at Sausalito
and has been in the employ of : the com
pany over twelve years. He was considered
an unusually careful man, * taking .no
chances . of an ' accident, which goes to
account for the fact that no mishap ever
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1896.
occurred to him during the dozen years on
the North Pacific Coast line.
"He was our only brother and only near
relation living," said Miss Maggie Turney
last evening, "and we three were a little
family even more closely drawn together
than brothers and sisters usually are. He
was very kind to us and to his" wife, and
we idolized him. p;4p-<p:
"Only a few hours before the accident I
was over in Sausaiito and he was talking
about poor Jack Keyer, the engineer
killed at Baden Sunday evening. Will
knew Keyer and the fatal occurrence made
a deep impression on his mind. He said
a railroad engineer could not. be over
cautious, as danger was about him
all the time. He seemed to be think
ing of his own constant peril
in that calling and kept commenting
! upon the accident. He and his wife and
I little girl had just moved into their new
i home at San Rafael, all paid for with his
I earnings on the road during his twelve
| years, and everything seemed bright and
; fair. Now he is dead and his invalid
i widow is heartbroken, j
"One paper yesterday morning unkindly
i said that he was to blame- for the loss of
his own life. That was unjust, because he
was so careful and was always afraid of
the wharf at Sausalito. He would not
have gone on the ferry-boat with his
heavy engine unless be was obliged to do
so, I know."
Turney was a member of the '. United
Workmen and the Brotherhood of Loco
j motive Engineers,: in which orders he had
I his life insured for $4000.
Assistant Superintendent W. H. Han
j non stated yesterday that y the company
had issued strict; orders to all conductors
and engineers under no circumstances to
allow locomotives or tenders to run on the
apron in backing up to the boat for freight
cars. The apron* itself, Mr. Hannon said,
was capable of sustaining a dead weight of
seventy tons. The engine and tank, or
tender, together,* weighed • but a little over
forty tons, the engine: alone having a
weight of twenty-five tons.
;T Both engine ■ and } tender, be said, were
run successfully! on the apron, Conductor
Murray having *,' signaled to Engineer
Turney to back down, to make the
coupling. ;'
As the engine had taken on three empty
freight cars, Conductor Murray. thought it
possible to make tho connection without
running on to the apron anything but the
empty cars. ,1 lie was not 'aware that the
cars on the boat were so far from the apron
as to make it impossible to couple with the
render at a safe distance.
In leaving/the boat, and in the strain
and pressure incidental to : starting the
train, the weight and force of the engine
were enormously increased and at that
• moment the crash came. '- . ' y
- Fireman "Williams said that he scarcely
knew how he escaped 5 and ; his friends be
lieve that when carried .over, with the en
gine he was knocked , insensible and the
water revived him.* * >
Turneyhad been unfortunate in recent,
years. His wife's physical ailments and
troubles bad crippled her and her husband
had made a great outlay from his savings
to meet the expenses that crowded upon
him. - •
; Turney's parents were from the province
of, Ottowa, Canada, where: two of bis
cousins, the Murray brothers, are members
of the Ottawa Parliament. '
TAILORS ORGANIZING.
Will Form a Union and Stand for
Higher Wages.
About 100 tailors assembled last evening
to discuss their condition and the condi
tion of the trade. The object in 7 reality
was to organize a custom journeymen's
union. Very little was done toward •:*■ this
end as the tailors so far are not sure of
their ground. In this City there are nearly
2000 in this line of .business, and among
this number there exists but little fraternal
fellowship. With, them it is a case of
every one for himself.
During the past few weeks a number of
the custom tailors ' have been discussing
the advisability of forming a union, and it
was a surprise to the leaders to find so
many present at last evening's meeting.
One of the. prominent members explained
the situation in language that could not
be misunderstood. He said that the con
dition of the tailors of San Francisco is
worse than those of other cities.
One reason is that every man desires to
b«» a boss. Consequently there are nearly
2000 bosses in i this City and the whole
salers and merchant tailors take advantage
of this state of affairs. Nearly all the
journeymen do their work at home, as
sisted by their wives and daughters. At
first they made fair wages, but gradually
the merchant tailors and wholesalers began
to reduce the prices paid tor work. As the
pay dropped lower the men and women
worked longer, until now every tailor and
his family works late into the night in
order to make a living. For example, the
wholesale dealer gives out the material for
a coat and pays $2 25 or $2 50 for its mak
ing. In other cities they pay $G for the
same work. Consequently here a tailor
and his family have to make up two and a
half coats to get as much pay as the tailor
in the East gets for making one coat.
The speaker went on to explain that the
reason for this state of affairs was that in
the East the tailors work together in large
factories and stand together against un
just reductions. Here they work at home,
and «suppose if they do not accept the
work at the prices offered some one else
will get the work. He urged them all to
form into a club or union and resist any
further attempt to cut the rates. The mat
ter was discussed until a late hour, but
only a temporary organization was formed.
It is likely that it will be made permanent
within a week or ten days. Several of the
leaders declare that if the union is formed
With a majority of the tailors on the roll,
a stand will be taken for higher wages.
Woman Under the Old English Laws.
In England less than ninety years ago
it was' not unusual' for a -man 'to sell his
wile into servitude. A"common-law hus
band and wife were one person and that
one person was the husband. Upon mar
riage the .husband became entitled to all
his wife's goods and chattels, also to the
rents and profits of her lands. He was
her :■ lord, bound to supply . shelter, food,
clothes and medicine. He "was entitled to
her earnings and. the custody of her per
son. He had power ;to choose her asso
ciates, separate her from her relatives,
restrain her religious and - personal free
dom, and, if necessary, chastise her moder
ately, as though she were his child.
The father of legitimate children *. was
bound for their 'maintenance and educa
tion, and was entitled to their labor and
custody. He had power to dispose of them
until they were 21 years of age by -deed or
legacy, and the testamentary guardian's
right to the children's custody superseded
that of their mother. ; The mother was en
titled to no power but to reverence and re
spect from her children. She had no legal
authority over them nor right to their
service. Only the mother of an illegiti
mate child was entitled to its control and
custody.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN; IMPORTING- TEA CO.'S
; Teas, Coffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. J Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free.'
- 82 Market st., S. F. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
A large brown eagle is reported to have
been- recently . taken" near Liverpool, Eng.
The measurement of the 'bird is said to be
three feet high and seven feet from tin to
tip of wings, and it weighs thirty pounds.
OAKLAND CHURCH
GIRL MYSTERY
Miss Fannie Parker Has
Been Missing From
Home a Week.
NO REASON FOR GOING.
Relatives or Friends Cannot De
vise a Theory in Regard
to the Case.
FEAR SHE HAS BEEN KILLED;
Miss Parker Was Twenty-Seven Years
Old, Not Romantic, and Would
Not Have Eloped.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 28. f •
The First Baptist Church is in a fever of
excitement over the strange disappearance
of Miss Fannie Parker, one of the best
known and most popular singers in the
church choir. Not since the early chapters
of the Durrant disclosures has so much in
terest been demonstrated as is being shown
in the present case.
Nearly a week has passed since Miss
Parker left her home, and although search
has been made in all directions in all the
public institutions in Oakland, San Fran
cisco and adjoining cities where news of
her might likely be obtained, not a trace
of the missing girl has been discovered,
and her relatives say that she has disap
peared as absolutely as if she had been
swallowed up by the earth.
Not one of her relatives can suggest the
slightest reason for her disappearance, and
although every effort has been made to ac
count for the girl's absence through all the
usual channels ' in which information of
missing girls is generally obtained,
nothing has been learned, and her
relatives are as much in the dark as to her
whereabouts and the purpose, if any, of
her disappearance as they were the first
morning after her disappearance. Detec
tives have been at work, the large number
of : friends in the church .of the ; missing
young woman have exhausted every
means at their command, but with no
result.
Miss Fannie .Parker lived with her par
ents at 1213 Fourteenth street. Her two
sisters and brother reside there, and the
family is said to have been - a peculiarly
happy one. 7 All attend the First Bap
tist Church, and the missing girl's
sister, Emma, also sings in the choir.
Fannie is described by all her friends and
relatives as a rather dignified young lady,
about 27 years of age and of such a de
meanor as would command respect from
every one." Her outward bearing was
rather austere and would repel a stranger
rather than attract. ■ .
She was strict in h er religious ideas, but
frequently attended a private party and
seemed to enjoy life. She was, not given
to spells of moodiness and was of a cheer
ful and pleasant disposition at home. She
"was -a dressmaker by; occupation T and
earned a comfortable^ income at her busi
ness. On no occasion "■. had she ever been
known to stay away from* her home before,
and her character in every regard is stated
by' everybody - to be absolutely above re
proach. .77 77
•- Last Wednesday night she left her home,
and, as it was the regular prayer meeting
night, nothing was '•- thought of her going
out. T She 7 did not return and from 7 the
_ ■_■_ -'7- - - . NEW TO-DAT. /pp -^-p-.-.-,.-^-^-,.-^.,^
SPECIAL SALE ; -
<_>__?•—
200
— ™™>™ — mm** - _Aa - ■___■ __Sa__M__l «_ss»_n___ m^mmma^ . .
NOVELTY BOUCLE
DRESS FABRICS!
This week we will offer 5 cases (200
pieces) NOVELTY BOUCLE DRESS GOODS,
in all the new colorings, at the following
LOW PRICES:
85 pieces CHOICE NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS (new col-
orings) - - - - - - - - $3.50 Dress Pattern
50 pieces NOVELTY BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS (40 inches
wide) -------- $5.25 Dress Pattern
40 pieces FANCY BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS (52 inches
wide) - - - $7.50 Dress Pattern
25 pieces FANCY CHECKED BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS
(48 inches wide) - - - - $10.50 Dress Pattern
We have also opened 3 cases NEW FRENCH PLAIDS in
an elegant assortment of colorings - - - - -
P $1.00, $1.25 and $1.75 per yard
l____r.l A-V I 1 !*^-^_ =i=fiw
75 Pieces ENGLISH MOHAIR JACQUARDS, full 52 inches
in width, in black and navys only,
Price 75c per Yard,
Worth $1.25.
*"**JP
111, 113, 115, 117, 19, 121 POST STREET.
time' she crossed the threshold nothing
has been seen or heard of her.
Miss Parker's brother was called upon
at the house this evening. "It is a perfect
mystery to us all," said he, "and we do
not know which way to turn. We
have been everywhere that we can think
of and have communicated with every
body that we thought could throw any
light on the matter, but our efforts have
been useless. Nearly a week has now
passed and nothing have we seen or heard
of Fannie. She went out as usual and
w hen she failed to return we did not know
what to make of it.
 "At first we thought, as everybody does
under such circumstances, that she had
gone home with some of her girl friends.
But when the next day passed and no trace
of her could be found we began to fear
that something had happened. We can
not even suggest a reason for her going
away. ■■ .y.A.'-' : Ap/Ai '
•-Whether it is foul play or whether it is
entirely voluntary we cannot and do not
care to think because everything we can
possibly conjecture is uncertain. We
Know nothing except that she has gone.
She made no preparations for her de
parture, and everything in her room is the
same as if she expected to return.
"Nothing happened the last evening she
was at home to cause us to suppose she
would go away. Everything was the same
as usual, and there was no unpleasantness.
There is nothing in our knowledge and, so
far as we have been able to learn, nothing
in the knowledge of other? that will throw
any light on the sad affair. Fannie was
one of the most retired girls I know.
"She was not keening company with
any young man, and was not at all partial
to the company of young men. She was
not a girl of a romantic nature that would
be likely to run off and get married, be
cause she was 27 years old, and was quite
at liberty to please herself in such mat
ters." ,'■■/
The night previous to her disappearance
Miss Parker was at the house of Miss Co
burn and Miss M. Holmes, who live next
door to the Parker family. She attended
a party and was as gay and lively as ever.
"No one would ever dream of Fannie
disappearing," said Miss Coburn to
night. "She was such a staid girl
to strangers and not at all roman
tic. 7 We fear that something has
happened and we cannot gusss what.
Fannie is not staying away of her own
free will, and -unless something that we
cannot imagine has happened she must be
restrained somewhere. She would never
look at a man and was one of the most
reticent of all the girls in the church.
"She was here last Tuesday night and
made a promise to be at a meeting at Mrs.
Schreiber's, 'on Linden street, to-night.
When we parted she was just as bright as
ever."
Everybody describes Miss Parker as a
girl who was no more affable toward men
than propriety made necessary, and all
are surprised that she should have so sud
denly disappeared.
The meeting at the Schreiber house to
night was a very, somber one. It was a
business meeting for the purpose of trans
acting some business with the church
work, but the absence of Miss
Parker seemed to throw a gloom over the.
proceedings. Everybody was aware of the
unhappy -news, and when the time for
prayer arrived all joined fervently in a pe
tition to the Almighty that the mystery
might, be solved and the absent sister be
speedily restored to her place.
Rev. Dr. Hobart, pastor -of the church,
was present, and the earnestness of his
words showed how keenly he shared the
grief of the missing one's relatives.
A very ; close friend ; of the family said
to-night that a few months ago a conver
sation was held in the Parker home in
which Fannie took part.: The conversation
turned on ; suicide and this AA subject ;
was (discussed 'in its" many phases. Miss
Fannie made a remark that was not heeded
at the time, : but which is remembered
vividly in the light of the present circum
stances. /'.
. "If ever I should decide to commit
suicide," she said, "I would go and; jump
into the bay. * But I would 1 take care * that
my body was never recovered. I would so
weight it that when I sank it would be for
ever."
$1.00 for 10 Cents.
BARGAIN SALE
THIS WEEK.
CLOAKS,
JACKETS,
CAPES,
SUITS,
WRAPPERS,
FUR CAPES, Etc.
TO BE SOLD AT
10 Cents on the Dollar.
Sale to take place in the BASEMENT
from 9 A. M. to _ P. M.
ARMAND GAILLEAU,
Cor. Grant Aye. and Geary St.
Entrance Grant Avenne.
FURNITURE
_?<o:f_
4 ROOMS
$80.
Tarlor— Silk Brocatelle, 6-Pelce Suit, plush
trimmed. .
Bedroom— 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand. two chairs, rocker and table: pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dining-Koom— 6-Foot Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— Kange, ratent Kitchen Table and two
Chairs. *
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings. .y,
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
.and 237 Post Street.
ts* Free packing and delivery across the ha*
""■ i— rami -__._.■■ «■■!— .— immaamuawmm
T^SKfEifl^~~
TSTHEVEK V BKST ONE TOEVui T VF YOr-U
leyes and tit them to Spectacle, or f]\,_,i? CR
with instrument, of . his own in ve'lo? B i¥_. !
• .uperiorlty has not been equiiii V;' -?A H. o**been0 **-
been to the merits ot my i■ ** '*- - o ** ha.
I Office Hour.-.. to 4r. xl. *" /
•.in UM iimiiii 'in i innmm'iiwltiiiMtatiw a