VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 27.
PREPARING FOR
THE CONVENTION.
Democratic National Com
mittees Are Hard
at Work.
LOCAL ARRANGEMENTS.
Out-of-Towa Men to Be Selected
for Nearly All Minor
Positions,
FACILITIES FOR THE PRESS.
Colonel John I. Martin, the Sergeant
aUArms, Perfecting Every
Detail.
CHICAGO, 111., June 26.— The sub
committee on general arrangements, press
and telegraphic facilities of the National
Democratic Convention assembled at the
Palmer House at 11 o'clock to-day for the
purpose of further considering the matters
under its charge. Sergeant-at-Arms liar
tin was called in, and behind closed doors
the sub-committee discussed his an
nounced determination to make up his
list of doorkeepers and all other sub
officials having control of entrances from
applicants outside the city. The commit
tee will probably sustain Colonel Martin
in the stand he has taken.
The following official notice was given
to The United Press for the general in
formation of the press:
"The committee on press and telegraphic
accommodations and facilities for the
Democratic National Convention will
make the assignments of seats on the
press platform on Tuesday, June 30, and
will submit the result of their labors to
the sub-committee in charge of convention
arrangements at its meeting Wednesday,
July L Immediately thereafter the news
papers will be notified of their assign
ments. S. P. Sheerix,
Secretary Democratic National Com
mittee."
Preparations are being made by local
Democrats to have delegations of the
Iroquois Club and other party organiza
tions meet arriving State delegations to
tbe National Convention. Wherever dele
gations come in a body an effort will be
made to meet th>m at the station with an
escort consisting of & marching club and a |
band of mubic to accompyny them to their )
respective headquarters.
W Chairmen of the delegations which have ''<
decided to come in a body should write or
Colonel John I. Martin of St. Louis.. Sergeant at- Arms of the Democratic
National Convention.
THE CHICAGO COLISEUM, WHERE THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION WILL BE HELD.
The Coliseum is situated at what was the entrance to the World's Fair grounds of 1892 and is in the Italian renaissance style of architecture. It has brick walls, and
tts trusses, girders and columns are of steel. On the first story the color of the brick is buff and the walls are pierced with a regular series of large arched openings, each
opening being fifteen feet in width and filled with glass windows that form a light and beautiful arcade, continuing all the way around the building. The main entrance
k acts directly into the center of a stretch of fluorine 325 teet long and 300 feet wide. The area of the ground floor is fully five acres and a half. The actual seating capacity
df the Coiise'um, the owners declare, is for 20,000 persons. It is twice the size of the Madison-square Garden in New York. From the City Hall the Coliseum is a twenty
minutes' ride. The Illinois Central Railway, the Chicago City Railway, the Alley Elevated Railway, the South Chicago and the Calumet Electric railways run within fifty
feet of the main entrance of tbe building. The railway company managers have pledged themselves to the local committee to operate as many trains as may be needed.
Train service will also be provided at night.
The San Francisco Call.
telegraph as to the train they will arrive
on to Harry Wilkinson, secretary of the
reception committee. Iroquois Club,
Chicago. They will then be notified of
the specific arrangements made for their
reception. Delegates not coming in a
body will be met by committees and
directed to their headquarters if applica
tion is made to that committee.
Colonel John I. Martin of St. Louis, the
sergeant-at-arras of the National Demo
cratic Convention, is bard at work per
j fecting the details of his department. He
I says that the regulations for this conven
| tion will be more strict than those of any
previous one, and he declares they will be
enforced. This is the only way, he be
lieves, by which the crowds can be
handled properly and with justice to all.
'"In my arrangements for handling the
crowds in Convention Hall," said Colonel
Martin, "I shall depend more upon the
organization of my staff than upon num
bers. Chairman Harrity of the National
Committee, Secretary Sheerin, the archi
tect, and myself, spent some little time in
St. Louis Btudying the arrangements there,
and we shall endeavor to profit by th« ex
periences of the Republican Convention.
"In the hrst place I shall appoint about
100 assistants instead of about 900, as they
had in St. Louis. Nine hundred is too ]
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 27, 1896.
JOHN BULL'S NIGHTMARE.
many. They .keep eretting in each other's j
way, and are not nearly so effective as a
smaller force better disciplined. Each of
these assistants to the sergeant-at-arms
will have charge of a section, with several
ushers under him. There will be plenty
of ushers, probably 300, and a large num
ber of special officers between the assist
ants and the ushers in authority. These
special officers will be there for emergen
cies. Then there will of course be a large
number of pages."
In his efforts to get a perfect organiza
tion Colonel Martin will appoint a num
ber of chiefs of police of various cities as
assistants.
"I have applications from a number of
chiefs of police," he said, "and of course
they are just the kind of men I want for
these positions. Their experience in or
ganizing men and handling crowds will
make their services very valuable. There
will be eight or ten of them appointed as
sistants to the sergeant-at-arms.
"I want to announce positively," said
the colonel, "that there will be no 'pass
ins' anybody into the convention hall
without a ticket. By that I mean juat
what I say. There is room for just so
many and no more. At St. Louis there
were seats for 13,800. At the Coliseum
here we can seat 15,000, and tickets will be
given out for all those seats. No badges
of any kind will be honored without a
ticket, and if the President himself should
come up without the necessary card of
admission he could not get in until he had
one. Every precaution will be taken to
prevent persons getting into the hall who
have no business there. Even the ushers
will have to show their tickets.
"The big room on the Sixty-third-street
side of the Colliseum will be used as a re
ception-room. Here the public can mingle
with the delegates as freely as desired.
The man who wishes to enter the conven
tion hall, however, must run a gauntlet
even greater than at the fc>t. Louis conven
tion. There will be fifty or sixty door
keepers, assisted by details of police, to
preserve order. As a man starts to enter
tbe hall he will pass between two door
keepers on the outside, who make him
show his ticket. Just inside another pair
will examine his ticket to sift out those
who are trying to work their way in with
out pasteboards and who have passed the
guards on the outside. Still further inside
two more will be stationed to tear off the
coupons, and then the ushers will take the
man in hand and find his seat."
PERRY BELMONT'S BELIEF.
He Says Southern Democrats Will
Support a Gold Standard
Platform.
PARIS, France, June 26.— A representa
tive of the United Press had an interview
with Hon. Perry Belmont at the railway
station to-night as Mr. Belmont was start
ing for Havre on his way to Chicago,
where he goes to attend the National
Democratic Convention. The full text of
the Democratic platform adopted at the
New York State Convention at Saratoga
has not yet been received here, and there
fore Mr. Belmont said its precise scope
could not be correctly appreciated.
If, however, as he believed, the platform
declared that the New York Democracy
protested against any further purchase of
silver by the treasury and against silver
coinage, otherwise than on the basis of an
international agreement, and that the
Democracy will do everything possible to
obtain and secure a fixed international
ratio between the two metals, and if it
has urged the cancellation of greenbacks
and treasury notes hereafter presented to
the treasury and paid in gold, that utter
ance will, Mr. Belmont is confident, com
mand the approbation of an overwhelm
ing majority of the voters in every Eastern
State.
Mr. Belmont said he had known quite
well, during bis years in Congress a great
many of the Southern Democrats who are
pressing for tbe immediate free coinage of
silver at the rate of 16 to 1, and had also
met them four years ago at Chicago when
they contributed to the nomination of
Mr. Cleveland. Mr. Belmont did not be
lieve that the Southern Democrats now
wished, or would tolerate, the disunion at
Chicago of the National Democracy.
"The State of New York," continued
Mr. Belmont, "is now committed by both
of its party organizations to international
bimetallism and a world-wide bimetallic
par. Democratic leaders, such as Tilden
and Manning, have favored it in the past
ana the Southern Democracy also. The
governor of the Bank of France told me a
few days ago that France cannot and will
not consent to a ratio of 16 to 1. France
prefers 15J4 l <> !•
"If the National Democracy will at Chi
cago remain united, McKinleyism can be
crushed in November and a fixed interna
tional ratio for silver and gold put within
range of practical effort. Another McKin
iey tariff can be prevented, the issue of
more Government bonds made unneces- .
sary, the National credit upheld, our ex
ports increased and the wages of working
men North and South not to be reduced to
a fifty-cent dollar. It cannot but be that
rather than have disunion in the National
Democracy, as in 1860, the Southern Demo
crats, with whom New York co-operated
in the 1892 election of Mr. Cleveland, will
consent to a reasonable plan whereby free
silver coinage can be deferred until a prac
tical effort is made by a Democratic Presi
dent and Democratic Congress to obtain a
fixed international bimetallic ratio."
The Watbole Will Bolt.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 26.— The West
bote, the oldest and most influential Ger
man Democratic newspaper published in
tbe State, announces this afternoon that
it will not support the platform nor the
ticket nominated by the party at the State
Convention this week. The editor, W. F.
Kemler, recently resigned as Consul to
Horgen, Switzerland.
♦
A 1 longer a .Republican,
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 26.—
Lieutenant-Governor Day, in his paper,
the Fairmonnt Sentinel, says that he can
no longer act with the Republican party
on account of its position on tbe money
question.
RAH FOR CORNELL!
A GREAT BOATRACE
Ithaca Giants Take First
Honors in Superb
Style.
WIN BY FOUR LENGTHS.
A Prettier Contest Was Never
Witnessed on American
Waters.
MULTITUDES OF SPECTATOR?.
Indescribable Enthusiasm Among the
Friends of the Respective
Crews.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. V., June 26.
--"Rah for Cornell!"
Eighteen thousand people grouped upon
the picturesque banks of the Hudson with
the last rays of the setting sun casting a
golden sheen upon the water saw the stal
wart eight from Ithaca win first honors
over Harvard, Pennsylvania and Colum
bia. It was a great race. Probably no
prettier has been rowed before a ereater
crowd in American waters. All conditions
of air and water were perfect. Not a flaw
marred the contest from the crack of the
starter's pistol to the crossing of the finish
line.
Cornell won by four lengths, in 19:29,
official time. Harvard was second, Penn
sylvania third and Columbia a poor fourth.
As a spectacular scene the race was one
long to be remembered. The course.a four
mile stretch, straight as the crow flies, lay
near the west bank of the Hudson, and
was spanned by the great cantilever
bridge, the finish being one mile below
that structure and the start three miles
above.
The cloudiness of the morning had
given way to bright sunshine, and the
multitude which assembled on both banks
of the river and filled the decks of the
imposing fleet of yachts, excursion steam
ers and pleasure craft of all descriptions
added brightness and color to the scene.
On every hand the flags, ribbons and
banners of the respective colleges were
seen. The crimson of Harvard and the
blue and white of Columbia, the red and
blue of Pennsylvania and the red and
white of Cornell were waved from tugs,
steamers and from groups on the banks.
The steep slopes of the highlands on the
west bank, with the railroad track at their
foot, furnished excellent points for view
ing the race, and crowds of onlookers
utilized the natural amphitheater.
An observation train of: forty-two cars,
with seats for 3500 persons and every se at
occupied, pulled out of the Highland sta
tion and made its way to the starting
point just before the crews were sent off.
It started with the crews and kept abreast
of them all the way to the finish. It was
filled for the most part with college stu
dents or colleee graduates and ladies.
There were some notables on the train,
but while the race was on all hands
seemed to have lost all dignity and united
in a mad chorus of yells for the different
crews. The shouts for Cornell drowned
the others and there was a flash of red and
BUTTE COUNTY'S GODDESS OF LIBERTY.
Miss Eessie Collins is to represent her community at Monterey w»' en the
anniversary of the raising of the American flag by Commodore Sloat is cele
brated. She is a pretty and accomplished blonde, and her popularity was at
tested by a plurality of 3000 votes received in a warmly contested election.
white flags aa the victorious crew crossed
the line.
Out in the stream, anchored in a line
from the three and one-half mile point
down to the finish there were over
100 yachts, excursion steamers and river
craft of every description. Their decks
were filled with spectators, and in the thick
cluster near the line there wa3 danger of
serious accident.
The only mishap reported, however, was
a collision between the referee's boat Hel
vetia and the Albany steamer Whitney,
resulting in a hole in the latter's bow.
This occurred before the race and did not
interfere with either boat fulfilling her
duties.
The revenue cutters Manhattan and
Hudson and the police boats Walla Walla
and Susie, aided by auxiliary launches,
assigned boats to anchorage positions and
kept the course clear tinder the recently
passed United States law. No b >at ex
cept the referee's boat and the crews of
launches were permitted to foil >w the
crews over the course. This regulation
gave the four crews a perfectly clear course
and the water was undisturbed.
All tlie iiiteruooii special trains from
New York and from Hudson River towns
rolled into the depots on both sides of the
river. All were packed with college en
thusiasts and other people anxious to see
the great race.
The two undersized ferry-boats that ply
between Highland and Poughkeepsie
pushed their way through the waters with
passengers hanging on like flies. Crowds
blockaded the ferry-houses just before and
immediately after the race. It was a
hot, perspiring crowd, but good-natured
withal.
When the crowd had finally distributed
itself along the grassy knolls by the river's
banks and filled the long observation
train the spectators themselves furnished
a marvelous addition of life and color to
the scene. The long train of flatcars,
packed with gayly costumed women and
men with flags of the different colleges,
presented a kaleidoscopic mass of color
that was dazzling to the eye. The yachts
in the river were decked with bunting
from stem to stern, and each group of on
lookers along the shore stood out in relief
on the dark-green setting of the wooded
hillsides. The 'greatest gathering was
near the finish, for all wanted to see tbe
victors cross the lin«. Venturesome lads
climbed trees and some ascended from
rowboats to the stone piers of the bridge.
In all the crowd there was probably none
who did not have a good view of some
portion of the race, and a grander strug
gle has seldom been seen. When the
anxious crowds near the finish caught
their first glimpse of the orews they were
as four specks upon the water. Gradually
RED BLUFF'S GODDESS OF LIBERTY.
Miss Lena Frank, a pronounced brunette and one of the most popular
society belles of Tehama County, was elected after an exciting contest to rnlo
over the Fourth of July revelers in Red Bluff. The balloting continued for
forty days, and several young ladtes alternated in the lead. Miss Frank
finally winning by a large plurality.
they drew near and took on the appear
ance of racing shells, each boat propelled
by eight strong men, moving with the pre
cision of clockwork, throwing brawn and
muscle into their work, yet moving with
the science by long training. It
was a contest of the giants.
Strength and skill won the day, and no
crew that failed to win had excuses to
make. It was a clean victory. No crews
ever raced under more equal conditions,
and the vanquished were beaten because
they were no maicb for the winners.
The start was a pretty one. The Co
lumbia crew, being on the outside and
nearest the referee, caught the flash of the
pistol before their rivals and they took
the water first. The others cot off in the
order of their placinga from the pistol.
Continued on Third Page,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BUTTE COUNTY'S
FAIR GODDESS.
Miss Bessie Collins Chosen
in a Lively Battle
of Ballots.
IS A NATIVE DAUGHTER.
Voters Select a Popular Belle
to Represent Them at
Monterey.
RICH IN BEAUTY AND TACT.
The Winner a State Normal School
Graduate When Seventeen
Years Old.
CHICO, Cal., June 26. — Miss Bessie
Collins will represent Butte County at the
Monterey flag-raising celebration. She is
the winner of one of the most exciting
elections ever held in tbe county — a con
test in which nine-tenths of the population
figured as active partisans.
The voting ended at midnight last night.
The committee appointed to make the
count then repaired to the office of the
Chronicle-Record where the arduous duty
of counting the thousands of coupons con
sumed two hours — hours full of anxiety
for the friends and workers of the several
rival beauties. As the judge of the elec
tion stepped forth and announced that
Miss Bessie Collins was the choice of Butte
County by 3000 majority loud were the
cheers from the gathered throng.
During the contest it was impossible to
guess the winner, as the other candidates —
Miss Katie Wertsbaugher and Miss Jennie
Clark — were supported by stanch friends.
First one and then the other would be in
the lead.
Miss Collins, now the "Goddess of
Butte." is one of the most popular young
ladies of this county. She was in the con
test for the Queen of May, and was elected
by a handsome majority as a maid of
honor to the Queen, whom she served well
during the May fiesta. Miss Collins is ot
average height, graceful and well formed.
She is a blonde, with large blue eyes and
a luxurient growth of wavy hair. She is a
graduate of '95 of the Chico State Normal
School, having finished her course when
but 17 years of age, passing as one of the
highest in the class. Miss Bessie was born
on the Llano Seco rancho, of which her
father was for many years the superin
tendent, and has resided in Chico most of
her life.
Read Barry's Star; full of meat.
Arrested at Maryiville.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., June. 26.— George
Kline, a member of the local corps of the
Salvation Army, was arrested to-day on a
warra-nt from Travers charging embezzle
ment. The prisoner is siient as to the
details of his offense, claiming he was
drunk when he made trie mistake.
Summer
Begins at 5:29 P. M. To-day.
And if you haven't begun to take Hood's
Sarsaparilla this year, to-day is a good
time to begin. That nervous trouble, that
dull headache, that bad taste, that poor
appetite, that little indigesticn, that evi-
dence of impure blood, that tired feeling —
are all corrected by this wonderful medi-
cine.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the pest— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
M^.^.^l'^ r>;ilc? are purely vegetable, care-
llOOd S PHIS fuiiy prepared. 25 cents.2
SILVER'S BUTTLE
SOON TO BEGIN,
Meetings of the Various
White Metal Com
mittees.
BIMETALLIC CONCLAVES.
Plans to Influence the Framing
of the Democratic Plat
form.
FREE COINAGE LITERATURE.
Populists Anxious for the Democracy
to Name a Strictly Silver
Ticket.
CHICAGO, 111., June 26.— The active
campaign of tne various silver elements,
preparatory to the Democratic National
Convention, will be inaugurated on Tues
day next, when the Bimetallic National
Democratic Committee, which is made up
of leading silver Democrats throughout the
country, assembles at the Sherman House.
The large clubroom oi the hotel and six
conference rooms have been engaged for
the meeting, which promises to be very
largely attended, the Democratic com
rnitteemen of a number of Western and
Southern States having wired for accom
modations for themselves and friends.
Theodore Nelson, secretary of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, who is in
control of the preliminary arrangements,
said this morning.
"The conference will commence on
Tuesday and its work will continue until
the Democratic National Convention has
adjourned. The main purpose is to influ
ence if not to determine the platform posi
tion of the convention, and we expect to
exert a potent if not a controlling influ
ence in that gathering. The leading silver
men of the country will be here with us
and will have a full share in our delibera
tions."
This will not be the only round-up of the
white metal advocates. A week from Sun
day the members of the executive commit
tee of the American Bimetallic Union will
assrmble in this city preparatory to' a con
vention on the following day. The Union
is a non-partisan organization, its purpose
being to promote a sentiment lavorable to
silver by the abundant distribution of lit
erature and the providing of speakers for
public meetings.
National Secretary George E. Bowen
said this morning: "The obj j et of the
meeting is to look over the ground on the
eve of the assembling of the Democratic
Convention and see what can be accom
plished in tne way of a union of the bi
metallic forces, in order that the entire
silver strength of the country may, if pos
sible, be concentrated on one candidate."
H. F. Bartine, editor of the National
Bimetallism added that from hundreds of
letters which were being received daily
from all parts of the country it was ap
parent that the Populist party was anxious
that the Democrats should take neutral
ground in the matter of candidates and
nominate a ticket upon a strictly silver
platform, which would be acceptable to
the forces of the People's party.
"It is apparent from this corres
pondence." said Mr. Bartine, "that if
Senator Teller should be nominated he
will receive the unqualified indorsement
and support of the Populists. As to any
other candidate I cannot say so much."
Between these two meeting there will
be yet another. A week from to-morrow
the National executive committee of the
new silver party will open headquarters at
one of the leading hotels. As in the other
cases, the purpose of the meeting is to
assist in rallying and concentrating the
silver delegates, to the end that a strad
dling platform may be avoided and a clean
cut declaration in favor of th» white metal
secured. The three committees will act
independently, but harmoniously.
HIS GRASS IS GONE.
The Tread of Many Republican Feet
Has Denuded McKinley's Yard
of Its Verdure.
CA NTON, Ohio, June 26.— Charles Em
ory Smith of Philadelphia arrived to-day
and had a long talk with Major McKinley.
Many phases of the campaign and the
method of conducting it were discussed.
C. L. Magee of Pittsburg came in during
the morning. He thinks the tariff ratber
than the sound-money question will be
the effective issue among the great work
ing classes of Pennsylvania and predicts
a larger majority for McKinley in that
State than was ever given a Presidential
candidate. He believes the money ques
tion will be potent in tne East and that
the platform adopted by the Republicans
will make it impossible for the Democrats
to carry New York with a free-silver can
didate.
The reception this afternoon by the
ladies of Canton to Major and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and the venerable mother of the
major, was largely attended. For more
than two hours an unbroken stream of
women passed in and out. It was a good
natured, smiling crowd of all sorts and
conditions of life, which numbered 5000.
The light of day was exclude I, and in
candetcent burners gave forth a blaze of
glory. The reception commenced with a
apeech. It was made by Mrs. Alice Dan
nos-Jones, and was delivered before the
doors were opened. The assembled hosts
of women had to listen to the speech or
leave the reception.
Major McKinley, in a dozen words,
thanked the ladies for their presence and
with his wife and mother received the
women of bis town. The major stood at
the left of bis wife and made ihe introduc
tions.
This evening a delegation of cheerful
shouters from NorwalK, some 300 in num
ber, called upon Major McKinley and
trampled the last spots of verdure from
his beloved lawn. Major McKinley took
much pride in his lawn and counted it the
most beautiful in Canton. To-night it is a
wreck. He bears the loss with becoming
humor, however.
• The Norwalk Republican Club was in
troduced by ex-Speaker Laylin of the Ohio
House of Representatives, who dwelt upon
tne fact that Huron County has been a
strong Republican county for forty years.
In response Major McKinley said in part:
"No man anywhere throughout the coun
try doubts where the Republican party
stands to-day. It stands for a reunited
country, it stands for the American fac
tory, the American farm, the American
fireside, for American labor and American
waces and American prosperity; to unite
every part of our much-ioved land. It
stands for a protective tariff that protects
every American interest. [Loud applause.]
It stands for a reciprocity that reciprocates ;
that gets something lor that we give to the
nations of the world. It stands for the
reciprocity of Blame and of Harrison and
of the great Republican party ["loud ap
plause], and it stands now, as it has al
ways stood, for sound money [vociferous
cheers] with which to measure the ex
changes of the people— a dollar that is not
only good at home, but good in every
market place of the world. [Cries of
'Bravo!'] With these principles em
blazoned on our banner this year — 1896—
we appeal to the deliberate judgment of
the American people, and as Lincoln used
to say, 'There is no safer tribunal in the
world than the American people,' and to
that tribunal we confidently submit our
aims and purposes this year."
♦
TELLER IS THE MAN.
Senator Mantle Thinks He Would
Be Elected If Nominated
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., June 26.— Senator Lee
Mantle of Montana, who is in this city, is
emphatic in his indorsement of the candi
dacy of Senator Teller for the Presidential
nomination. In an interview in a local
paper he says:
"In my opinion he is at this time the
only man in the public mind who can
draw to himself the full strength of tne bi
metallic sentiment of the country, and un
less the full strength of the movement can
be concentrated upon one man defeat is
certain."
"Do you think a silver Democrat could
win?"
'•I do not. In the firsf place it is only
upon rhe issue of bimetallism as opposed
to the gold standard policy of the Repub
lican party that the Democratic party has
the slightest chance of success in this
campaign.
"It -must also be remembered in this
connection that the silver question is not
distinctively a Democratic principle. The
People's party has pushed the silver
question to the front and made it the
principal plank in its platform.
"Then again, there are the silver Repub
licans, who constitute a. far more numer
ous element than is generally supposed.
♦'The Populists and the silver Repub
licans jointly will, I think, number at
least 3,000,000 votes— nearly or quite one
third of the votes necessary to bring suc
cess.
"Senator Teller has formally renounced
the Republican party, so that in support
ing him no Democrat need fear that he is
voting for a Republican.
"With him as their nominee I firmly be
lieve the Democrats can snatch a victory
! from what, up to the meeting of the Na
tional Republican Convention at St.
Louis, was the most hopeless prospect
which ever confronted a political party."
BLAND'S CAMPAIGN OPENS.
Preparations Being: Made to
Further His Interests at
the Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 26.— Bland head
quarters will be opened at Chicago next
Monday. Colonel Nicholas M. Bell,
Colonel Joseph K. Rickey and George W.
Allen will be in charge. They are all mem
bers of the Bland executive committee, of
which Governor Stone is chairman.
Governor Stone's newspaper organ an
nounces that on the heels of the meeting
of the National executive committee of
the Democratic Bimetallic League at
Chicago next Thursday, a conference of
the representatives of all the silver forces
of the Nation would be held at Chicago.
At this conference Bland's nomination
will be urged by his friends on the plea
that when the silver men enter the con
vention their strength should not be
divided between candidates. This could
be done, it is contended, with perfect
safety to the interests of favorite ones,
none of whom, with possibly two excep
tions — Boies and Matthews— hope for more
than a complimentry vote from their re
spective States on the first ballot; then,
after the initial ballot, according to the
present understanding of those favorable
to the conference plan, the votes of the
free-silver States' favorites will be cast for
the caucus nominee.
This plan is said to be entirely satisfac
tory to Mr. Bland's friends, who are per
fectly willing to abide the issue, and if the
supporters of Governor Matthews and
Governor Boies can be brought to view
the matter in the same light and with the
same equanimity, the proposed conference
will beheld Saturday, July 4, and if the
resolt for which it was called is then not
reached, it will continue in session from
day to day until the object is attained.
MARK HANNA'S MONEY.
Many Thousands of Dollars of It
Have Been Expended In Mc-
Kinley's Behalf.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 16.— An in
timate friend of Major McKinley said to
day: "The appointment of Mark Hanna
as campaign manager was about the
shrewdest political move McKinley has
made in all his career. Hanna not only
devoted his entire time to the cause, but
contributed freely toward its expenses. A
canvass extending over several years is an
expensive undertaking, and the money had
to come from somewhere.
"Mr. Hanna said recently that the
canvass cost him $100,000. Of that amount
$38,000 was contributed by friends of Mc-
Kinley throughout the country. As one
item of the expenses it may be said that
the cost of keeping the friends of the cause
posted on its progress was $2500. This was
done by mailing 1600 copies daily of one of
the local official organs to the convention
delegates and leading Republicans in all
parts of the country. This was kept up
for several months and was but a single
feature of one of the most perfect organiz
ations ever made in political campaign."
»
Cicero Populist Convention
CHICAGO, 111., June 26. — John Z.
White of Cicero, who was tbe nominee of
the Second Congressional District Popu
lists in 1888, was renominated for Congress
by the People's Party Convention of the
district to-night. Four delegates to the
National Conveniton in St. Louis were
elected. The delegates criticized the action
of Chairman Taubeneck, in suggesting on
behalf of the party the line of action
which should be taken at the convention
regarding Senator Teller.
♦
North Carolina's Tote. %££
RALEIGH. N. C, June 26.— The Demo
cratic State Convention ended its session
at 4:30 this morning. The delegates at
large and the district delegates will- go to
Chicago without instruction as to Presi
dential preferences, but instructed to vote
as a unit unflinchingly and at all hazards
for the restoration of silver coinage.
Cyrus B. Watson was nominated for Gov
ernor.
■ • » •
The Democracy of 1856 In this State And
knowno thingism in to-day's Star. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
YELLOW FEVER
SCOURGING CUBA.
The Most Alarming Report
Comes From Sagua
la Grande.
AN EPIDEMIC IS FEARED
Sanitary Conditions Arising From
the War Aggravate the
Situation.
HAVOC AMONG THE SPANIARDS
Every Precaution Will B3 Taken to
Keep the Disease Out of This
Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26.— The
mostaiarming report from Cuba with re
spect to yellow fever comes from Sagua la
Grande, where the marine hospital service
is advised by its last report that were forty
one cases and four deaths. It is expected
that within a very short time the fever will
become epidemic and if it does not become
virulent in the city of Havana all previous
experiences will be set aside. The depart
ment has, however, received no advices to
the ertect that cholera has appeared any
where on the island.
The present war and its relation to the
sanitary condition of Cuba is referred to in
the last annual report of Surgeon-General
Wyman and the statements then made
will represent the conditions of this sum
mer, only in a more aggravated form.
On this subject General Wyman then
said the insurrection had interfered to a
great extent in the transmission of exact
information from the disturbed provinces,
and the normal condition of health in the
island had been largely modified by the
presence of a great body of non-immune
Spanish soldiers. These persons have
taken the disease and added to the natural
number of cases annually prevalent in
that island. The difficulties experienced
last summer will be again met with this
year.
Accurate knowledge as to the number of
troops stricken with the disease is denied
by the Spanish Government. The reports
from Havana last year showed a total of
1593 cases and a mortality of 30 per cent.
This summer special precautions will be
taken to prevent the introduction from
Cuba into the United States of yellow
fever. Each of the four revenue cutters
patrolling the Florida coast carries sani
tary inspectors to intercept fishing smacKs
and other vessels coming direct from Cuba
with no intent to enter legally any port of
entry, and also for the purpose of inter
cepting any returning filibustering expe
dition or refugees seeking to land surrep
titiously. Sanitary inspectors either have
been or will be stationed permanently in
Havana and Santiago, and such inspectors
will be sent to every seaport of Cuba to re
port to tiie Marine Hospital Service of the
prevalence of yellow fever.
FUNDS FOR WENLER.
A Royal Decree Ihat Displeases the Mer
chants of Cuba.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 26.— The naval
officer, Pando, who was shot in the attack
by rebels upon a gunboat which was as
cending the Cauto River recently is re
ported to have died from his wounds.
Captain-General Weyler has issued an
urgent order to the military commander
at Santa Clara instructing him to con
struct barracks in which to place the troops
who may be taken sick during the present
rainy season.
A royal decree has been received here
authorizing the Spanish bank to issue $12,
--000,000 in gold bills, the same to be handed
to the local treasury in payment of cur
rent obligations. The Government will
transfer to the bank $3,000,000 in silver
and will allow the bank to retain part of
the receipts from the stamp tax as security
for the remainder of the issue.
Merchants are displeased with the pro
ject and will soon hold a meeting and
adopt resolutions in defense of their inter
ests. The local press comments unfavor
ably on the project. The Government Is
authorized to enforce the circulation of
the notes.
KEY WEST EXCITED.
Filibustering Expedition Interrupted by
Cusioms Officials.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 2,6.— This city
wa3 thrown into a fever of excitement tni3
evening by tne arrival of the steamer City
of Richmond with all the passengers and
crew of the revenue cutter Winona on
board. At 10 P. M. the steamer Three
F riends came up the harbor with an offi
cer from the cutter on board. No particu
lars are obtainable to-night, as no one is
allowed on beard. The failure of the ex
pedition is due to the prompt action of the
Customs officials.
FILIBUSTER RELEASED.
No Witnesses Against Etnilio Nunez, the
Cuban Patriot.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., June 26.— The
case of the United States against Emilio
Nunez, the Cuban patriot, charged with
aiding in fitting out the expedition which
is alleged to have left this port on April
27 for Cuba, came to an abrupt end to-day,
the United States attorney asKing for the
dismissal of the accused as no witnesses
appeared against him.
STRIPPED AND STARVED.
An Eastern Scientist's Rough Experi
ence With the Taquis.
HERMOSILLO, Mex., June 26.— Henrie
L. Bergmann, an archaeologist from New
York, who left here three months ago on
a trip through the Yaqui Indian country,
his intention being to traverse that wild
section and strike the railroad at Chi
huahua, has returned to this city, and is
in a bad condition as the result ot hig ex
perience with the Yaquis.
He states that be had hardly entered the
Indian country when he was taken cap
tive and confined to an Indian camp for
two over months. He was given but little
to eat and was stripped of all bis clothing.
When released he was escorted to the
limit of the Yaqui country and given
orders never to enter again. He states
that the Indians are all well armed and
have an abundance of money, with which
to continue their campaign against the
Government troops.
Water Famine in Mtxico.
SAN LUIS POTOSI, Mexico, June T6.—
Lack of water in this city and throughout
this State has caused the death of thou
sands of cattle. Crops are total failures.
Shops of the Mexican Central Railroad
hafre been closed for some time on ac
colmt of the lack of water. All wafer
consumed here Is brought in by the rail
roads from distant places and sells lor a
high price.
MATABELES SLAUGHTERED.
Chief Solembo, His Three Sons and Two
Hundred and Fifty Followers
Killed.
BULUWAYO, Sobth Africa, June 26.—
Captain Lame's force has routed the
Matabeles at Belingwe, killing the famoui
chief, Solembo, and three of his sons,
together with 2-30 of their followers.
Umtali station is now safe.
RHODES AND SEIT RESIGN.
The British South Africa Company Al
lows Jticm to Withdraw.
1 LONDON, Eug., June 26.— The directors
of the British South Africa Company an
nounce that they have, after anxious and
continuous consultation witn Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain, resolved to accept
the resignations of Cecil Rhodes and Alfred
Beit as directors of the company. The
board records its profound appreciation of
Mr. Rhodes' services to the empire, and
thanks both Messrs. Rhodes and Beit.
They pledge themselves to continue to de*
vote their energies to maintaining and de
veloping Rhodesia, the government of
which remains vested in the company,
The directors further aay they regret that
the occurrences in the Transvaal in De
cember and January, of which they did
not have cognizance, compel them to ac
cept the resignations .of Messrs. Rhodes
and Beit.
University Honors for Wales.
LONDON, Eng., June 26.— At Aberyst
with this afternoon the Prince of Wales
was installed with great ceremony in the
office of chancellor of the lately estab
lished University of Wales, to which be
was elected a year ago. The degree of doc
tor of music was conferred by tbe univer
sity upon the Princess of Wales, and that
of doctor of letters upon Mr. Gladstone.
, : *
Newfoundland Revenues.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., June 26.— The reve
nue bill passed the Assembly to-day. It
provides for the continuation of last year's
tariff, except that mining and agricultural
requisites are added to the tree list. The
government estimates the surplus for the
year ending June 30 at $150,000.
m .;.-
Burning Ship Scuttled and Sunk.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., June 26.— The Brit
ish steamer Lucerne, while loading for an
east-bound voyage, was discovered on fire
at midnight. She was scuttled and sunk
to prevent her total destruction. A lamp
explosion caused the fire.
♦
The < znr Suffering from Jaundic.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, June 25.—
The Czar is suffering from an attack of
jaundice.
NEAT TRIPLE EXECUTION
Three Murderers Are Dispatched
by Colorado's Automatic
Device.
Their Crime Was the Killing of
Night Watchman Solomon at
Trinidad.
CANYON. CITY, Colo., Jane 26.— A
triple execution occurred in the State peni
tentiary to-night shortly after 8 o'clock,
when William Holt, aged 22, Albert Noble,
aged 35, and Deonocio Romero, aged 38,
were led from their cells in the execution
house to the death chamber and were
separately hanged by the automatic device
which has proven so successful in past exe
cutions. According to the law no one but
the warden, the prison surgeon and a few
authorized witnesses are permitted to be
present at such times. Each man in turn
was ushered into the death chamber and
seated upon a chair placed upon the trap.
After cap and noose are adjusted the auto
matic device is set in motion, and in due
time the trao is sprung.
The crime for which these men were
executed was tne murder of a night
watchman in Trinidad, named Solomon,
which occurred one night in November,
1895, while the trio were in the act of rob
bing a gambling saloon. Before they had
completed their job Solomon appeared
and Bought to arrest them. They were
well armed and without a moment's hesi
tation shot the officer down and escaped.
They were afterward captured by a
Sheriff's posse, tried, convicted and sen
tenced.
Young Holt, who was led by his com
panions into this scheme, had sought for
some leniency, but the .Board of Pardons
after reviewing the case refused the peti
tion.
The plot to rob the gamblmg-houae was
originated by Mrs. Martinez, who wanted
money with which to defend her son
Leandro, who was then under arrest for
the murder of one Charles Allen. Lean
dro Martinez is now serving a life term in
the "pen" for the crime. The woman was
never tried for complicity in Solomon's
murder.
BIKING WITHOUT A LICENSE.
Pauline Hall, the Comic- Opera Singer,
Arrested at Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 26.— Two years
ago the City Council ordained that bicycle
riders should pay a tax of 50 cents each,
and do no riding except when the license
plate was fastened on the wheel.
Yesterday Miss Pauline Hall, the comic
openi singer, went riding in Schenley
Park. She was spinning along, when
Solomon Coulson, Assistant Superintend
ent of Police, appeared, wearing his every
day uniform, which is so gorgeous that
Miss Hall stopped to look at him.
Then Coulson saw she had no plate on
her wheel and arrested her. Miss Hall
was taken to the police station and turned
over to the matron.
Magistrate Mac«onigle came in an hour
later and gave her a hearing. Because of
her ignorance of the ordinance he reduced
the usual tine of $25 to $1 and cost 3.
MRS. LEONARD'S SENTENCE.
Thirty Heart for Murdering Ber Hus
band in Kmnsas.
WICHITA, Kan., June 26.— Mrs. Irene
Leonard, the convicted murderess of her
husband, H. H. Leonard, was sentenced in
the District Court this afternoon to thirty
years in the penitentiary. The court
overruled a motion for a new trial. Leon
ard was murdered in cold blood in his
own home and the $5000 insurance policy
which he carried on his life and which was
made out in favor of his wifefurnisned the
motive for the crime. Mrs. Leonard has
had two trials. F. M. Williamson, her
divorced husband, was also tried for al
leged complicity in the crime and acquit
ted. Williamson was cleared after a long
legal battle. Mrs. Leonard listened to her
sentence with the utmost composure.
Butte Miners Jtlourn to Atoms.
BBUTTET^IoNTTjune 26.— Jobn Phillips
and Jacob Wierule, miners at Belt, were
killed and their bodies blown to atoms by
a premature explosion this afternoon.
John Holt was seriously injured.
THE VENEZUELAN
TROUBLE ENDED,
Harrison's Surveying Party
Is Released From
Custody.
RELIEF AT WASHINGTON
Secretary Olney Breathes More
Freely After the Great
Tension.
THE INCIDENT'S GOOD EFFECT.
Will Hasten the Settlement of the
Whole Controversy by
Arbitration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26.—Minis
ter Andrade at noon to-day received the
following telegram, and immediately sent
a copy to Secretary Olney:
CARACAS, June 26.— l'esterday when the
national commissary at Cuyuai telegraphed
the occurrence that Harrison and nineteen
others had crossed to the left bank of the
Cuyuni to open a road, the aub-commlssary of
Acarabeai protested in writing, but Harrison
insisted, and the sub-commissary took him to
the post of El Dorado. As soon as the Govern
ment was Informed thereof it ordered the re
lease of Harrison and asked details.
The dispatch confirms the impression
that the Venezuelans were not at fault,
and that the statu quo observed for several
years was broken by the Harrison survey
ing party.
Senor Rojas' dispatch announcing Har
rison's release has relieved the State De
partment and diplomatic circles of the
tremendous tension they have been under
for several days, notwithstanding the pre
vailing confidence that the blame would
not be found to rest altogether with the
Venezuelans.
The main question which is understood
to have caused Secretary Olney the most
concern was the exact location of Harri
son's defiance of the written Venezuelan
protest. All doubts on this point were set
aside when the geographical experts con
sulted decided that the proposed line
of road from the Upper Barima to Cuyuni,
where tne surveying party was stopped, was I
clearly west of the Schomburgk line and
therefore in territory whicn the British
bad hitherto refrained from violating.
The Acarabisi River and the Schom
burgk line are identical at and near the
Cuyuni, the Venezuelan district in which
the arrest was made being named for the
river. A number of Englishmen and
Americans are engaged in mining and
other pursuits in this district, but they
recognize Venezuelan jurisdiction and
operate under Venezuelan licenses. The
British Guiana police militia has not at
tempted to exercise authority in the dis
trict.
It is thought among officials that in
view of the latest developments public
clamor in England against the Vene
zuelans will promptly subside, and that in
a spirit of fair play the authorities of the
South American republic will be treated
with much greater respect.
Under such circumstances confidence is
expressed that the incident will give a
strone impetus to the movement in favor
of settling the whole question by arbitra
tion instead of undoing all that had been
accomplished through Secretary Olney's
firm and persistent demand that all
boundary disputes on the American con
tinent must be included in any general
arbitration treaty between England and
the United States. Sir Julian Paunce
lote, the British Embassador, had an
interview with Secretary Olney this after
noon, presumably on that point.
LONDON PRESS COMMENTS.
General Satisfaction Expressed at the
Outcome of the Incident.
LONDON, Eng., June 26.— The Chroni
cle, commenting on the statement that
Venezuela had ordered the release of
Crown Surveyor Harrison, will to-morrow
say that President Crespo acted gracefully
and wisely. It adds that the incident has
done good in showing that Great .Britain
and America are on such terma that the
former can request the good offices of the
latter when Venezuela misbehaves.
The Post will say: It is not an altogether
comforting reflection that Mr. Harrison's
release was d«e to the influence of the
United States, although, under the pecu
liar conditions of the case, there was no
alternative except to seek American in
tervention.
The Standard will say that it was better
for all parties that Mr. Harrison's release
was effected through the friendly offices
of the United States than by a direct per
emptory demand addressed to Venezuela.
The incident encourages the hope that it
will lead to a settlement of the Anglo-
Venezuelan dispute and the resumption
of diplomatic relations.
ANGLO-AMERICAN DISPUTES.
Presbyterians Suggest a Permanent
Board of Arbitration.
GLASGOW, Scotlaot), June 26.— The
Presbyterian Convention, which has been
sitting in this city since June 17, unani
mously passed a resolution to-day to peti
tion the Governments of Great Britain
and the United States for the establish
ment of a permanent board of arbitration
to settle disputes which may arise between
the two nations. The delegates to the
convention, included in the number of
which* there are sixty ministers from the
United States, were entertained at the
Glasgow University this afternoon. The
convention will conclude its session this
evening.
TO WED AT BUZEARDS BAY.
Approaching Marriage of Joseph Jeffer
son's Granddaughter.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., June 26.— Miss
Josephine Jefferson, a daughter of Charles
Jefferson and granddaughter of Joseph Jef
ferson, will be married at high noon on
Monday to Charles J. Rolfe, a son of Pro
fessor Rolfe, and a member of the Massa
chusetts bar, practicing in Boston.
A wedding breakfast is to be served by
a Boston caterer, and friends have been
invited from near and far. Mrs. Cleveland,
who is a frequent visitor to the homes of
the Jeffersons, is to be present at the cere
mony.
... • : —
Murderers Protected by Troops.
ST. PAUL, Minn,, June 26.— Protected
by Company D, First Regiment of the
State Militia, the Glencoe tramp murder
ere erriyed here to-day and were at once
placed in the County; Jail for safe-keeping.
The Sheriff at Gleftcoe^felt it would be
wiser to remove them fro'rn that place, al
though there was ample protection.
♦
DEATH OF A HUNTER.
A Young Man Accidentally Shoots and
Kills His Companion.
WICHITA, Kaks., Jane 26. — While
hunting and fishing with friends near
Duncan,- I. T., to-day, Robert Davis of De
catur, Tex., was accidentally shot and
Killed by Richard Gates. The two and
Gates' father had been fishing and were
returning home, when Davis, who was
walking ahead, saw a rattlesnake and
called on Gates, who carried a shotgun, to
kill it. Gates did not at first see it. and
when looking at a bunch of grass where
Davis said it was he cocked the gun and
touched the trigger. The full load en
tered the chest and neck of Davis, killing
him instantly. Davis is of a very promi
nent family of Decutnr, Tex. Gates is
nearly distracted by grief.
■ .— -• : —
SEN TENCED TO BE HANGED.
Julius Mannow Hitl Shortly Follow His
' Accomplice.
CHICAGO, 111., June 26.— Julius Man
now was sentenced to be hanged October
16 by Judge Horton this morning. Man
now was the accomplice of Joseph Win
drath in the murder of Carey B. Birch, the
cashier of the We*t Chicago Street Rail
way Company. Windrath was hanged
here three weeks ago.
When sentence was passed Mannow had
nothing to say. A scowl passed over his
face and his lips twitched nervously, as
though he was anxious to break out in a
tirade of abuse. The officers of the court
had been warned that he would make a
demonstration and several Deputy Sheriffs
were standing near to prevent an out
break. Mannow saw them and prudently
restrained himseif.
FRENZIED FATHER'S DEED
Pours Cyanide of Potassium
Down the Throat of
His Child.
Then Swallows a Fatal Dose Himself,
After Return ng Home From
a Debauch.
CHICAGO, 111.. June 26.— Louis Rose
land, wbo bad been employed at the Pull
man Car Works for two years as a bra?s
finisher, murdered his two-year-old child,
Weedie, early this morning in a drunken
frenzy by pouring cyanide of potassium
down her throat, and killed himself by
taking the same poison.
The tragedy occurred in the flat at Pull
man where Roseland, his wife and two
children lived, and Mrs. Roseland fought
her husband like a tiger ia her effort to
rescue the little one from his clutches.
The murderer, who came home last night
from a three days' debauch, slept with his
victim apart from his wife, who was
aroused first by hearing her child ask the
inhuman father for a drinfc of water. In
stead ne went to the faucet, mixed the
poison with water and forced the child to
drink, under the pretense that he was giv
ing her milk. Rushing into the room, the
frantic mother rained her hardest blows
on his breast and face until he released
her dying child, only to seize his wile and
toss her across the room. The child fell
to the floor and was soon dead, while the
poisoner, who had already drank from the
drug, stood erect only long enough to
gasp, "Good -by; I've taken poison."
ACTOR KALLY DEAD.
"The Rolling Millman" of the Variety
Stage Reaches the Grave.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 26.— John W.
Kelly, one of the cleverest and best-known
monologue performers on the variety
stage, and who was known and billed
throughout the country for years past as
"Kelly the Rolling Millman," died this
afternoon from an attack of gastritis. He
was taken sick on Sunday last and grew
steadily worse.
Kelly was 41 years of age and was born
in this city. His last appearance on the
stage was on June 14 last, when he came
on from Boston to take part in the benefit
performance for William F. Kaye.
NORTHERN PACIFIC AFFAIRS.
Receivers Discharged and Released Prom
Bond Liability.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jane 26.— Judge
Lacombe of the United States Circuit
Court, southern district of New York,
has issued an order finally discharging T.
F. Oakes, Henry E. Payne ar^d Henry C.
Rouse as receivers of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company and releasing them
from all liability upon their bonds, which
are canceled, all existing liability to be as
sumed by Edwin H. McHenry and Frank
G. Bigelow, the present receivers, and by
the purchasers of tbe property.
School Land for California.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26—The
Secretary of the interior has approved a
school land indemnity selection made by
the State of California, containing 1756
acres in the Independence land district.
Treasury Gold He serve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26.— The
Treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $101,925,153. The
day's withdrawals were $430,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary, '
■ ■ . - ■
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture)^ Buda Pest.
. "We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or which
combines such advantages, as this water.
-: . Jrr - . Professor Dr. R. C. Tichborn, LL.D., F.C.S., F.1.C., Dublin."
■ , ■ _■ . : ; . .: ". ■
This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than "N dLx /f / '
»11 Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so / /f™' *. **W^A*.
great that even the smallest • dose secures the X V '-^— —~liL~^
best results," ) , V^
Sworn Chemist in Buda Pest*
Prices : 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
\OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
■ ' -■ ••• ■"' ■ ■ •
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York; Sole Agents
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
. SEE that, the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
WHITE AID MISS
CHANNING WED,
The Actress Becomes the
Bride of the Ex-llaval
Officer.
MARRIED IN. NEW YORK
Mayor Strong Pronounces the
Nuptial Bans for Vie
Runaways.
GO TO HER FATHER'S HOME.
Whereabouts of the Ccuple Since
Their Sensational £ opement
Not Made Kdowd.
NEW YORK. X. V.. June 26.-MabelH.
Cbannint?, an actress, known to the stage '
as Mabel Howe, was married by Mayor
Strong yesterday to Chester N. White, an •
ex-lieutenant in the United State* navy.
The bride is the daughter of Dr. William i
Chancing of New Bedford, Mass. Mr.
White said he was a native of Philadel
phia, a eraduate of Annapolis and that up
to a few months ago he had been on the
revenue cutter Bear on the Pacific Coast.
Beyond these facts ihe couple would
only say that they had "run away" from
San Francisco six months *:go, and had
hastened to New York to be married.
They were introduced to Mayor Strons
by C. F. Phillips of the Trocadero Music
Hall, who vouched for their aces and
acted as best man. Mr. White said he
and his wife were going at once to her
father's home in New Bedford.
This is not Mr. White's first matrimo
nial venture. He startled the revenue
cutter service of the Pacific Coast last No
vember by resigning his commission a few
days after his return to San Francisco
from a seven months' cruise in the Arctic
regions on the revenue cutter Bear. A
few days later be deserted his wife in San
Francisco and eloped with Mable Howe,
who was then playing in California with
"The Passing Show."
White bad known the actress since ber
childhood and tney were at one time en
gaged to be married. The match is said to
have been broken off by White's father,
who secured his transfer to the Pacific
Coast, where he met and married his first
wife.
After eloping from San Francisco with
Miss Charming, he succeeded in honorably
resigning from the navy. Where he and
Miss Charming have lived since that time
is not known. Soon after his departure
his wife began proceedings against him
I for divorce.
THE OREGON'S OFFICERS.
Orders Detailing the Complement for the
Big Battle- Ship.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26.— Orders
were issued by the Navy Department to
day detailing the complement of officers
for the new battle-ship Oregon. Th«ll
Oregon will be placed in commission July
15 at the Mare Island Navy-yard, Cal., and
the officers will report on that date. The
officers are: Captain H. L. Howison, com
manding officer; Lieutenant-Commander
F. J. Drake, executive officer; lieutenants,
E. M. Hughes, W. R. A. Rooney from the
Monterey, and W. H. Alten; ensigns, E.
W. Eberle and E. H. Dureli; naval cadets,
P. M. Bannon, K. C. Johnson, V. H. Hall,
J. J. Raby, M. J. McCormieX, A. L. An
sing, F. D. Karnsand J. D. Morton; passed
assistant surgeon, George Rathgauer; pay
master, S. R. Calhoun from the Monad
nock; chief engineer, R. AY. Milllgan from
the Monterey; passed assistant engineer.
T. F. Burgdorff.
NATIONAL FLAG DECISION.
Law Requiring Its Display Over School
houses Is Unconstitutional.
CHAMPAIGN, 111., June 26— In the
Circuit Court here to-day. Judge Wright
decided that the State law requiring the
National flag to be displayed over every
schoolhouse in the State during school
hours was unconstitutional and void. In
doing so he quashed the indictments
which were recently returned by the
Grand Jury against Governor Altgeld, the
trustees of the University of Hlinoi3
here and the officials of the city schools
for violation of the law.
Manned at the National Capital.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26.— Irwin
Ford, colored, was hanged in the District
jail this forenoon for the murder on May -l
of Eliza Kregle, a 10-year-old white girl.
Ford attempted to outrage her, and be
coming incensed at her resistance, stabbed
her to death with his pocket-knife.
Paso Rabies' Netv Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 26.— The
President to-day appointed R. W. Putnam
Postmaster at Paso Robles, Cal.;HAMMERSTEIN'S
APPEAL IGNORED.
Germany's Convict States
man Must Go to
Prison.
STORY OF HIS CRIMES.
Their Discovery a Result of
/ Bitter Political Contro
versies.
SOCIALISTS TOG HIS STEPS.
While a Discarded Mistress, Out of
Revenge, Causes the Arrest of
the Fugitive.
BEKLIN, Germany June 26.— The
Supreme Court of the Empire, sitting at
Leipj ?, has rejected the appeal of Baron
yon Hammerstein, formerly leader of the
Conservatives in the Reichstag, and editor
in-c.'iief of the Kreuz Zeitung, from the
sentence imposed upon him by the Berlin
co::rt upoi his conviction of forgery on
A ril22 last.
Che sentence of the court was that he be
imprisoned for three years at hard labor,
that he forfeit his civil rights for five years
and that he pay a fine of 1200 marks.
Baron yon Hammerstein became in
volved in bitter political quarrels, in the
course of which the fact was made public
that he was guilty of acts of forgery and
embezzlement for which he should be
prosecuted. He tried for a while to brave
the matter out, but seeing that bis arrest
was inevitable he, with his family, fled
from Berlin last July, all of them being in
somewhat straitened circumstances.
In the meantime evidences of his gnilt,
as the result of fresh discoveries, were ac
cumulating. It also transpired that he
had been maintaining a mistress, a young
Jewess named Flora Glass, in luxurious
styJe, which accounted for the fact that he
and his family were in such a pecuniary
plight.
From Fraulein Glass the socialists man
aged to obtain by purchase and otherwise
a number of Hammerstein's letters, im
plicating a number of Conservative lead
ers and others in his crimes and misde
meanors, and threatened to make them
public. They tried to have them read in
tbe course of a debate in the Reichstag,
but the president would not permit their
contents to be disclosed. They also ac
cused the Government of having connived
at Hammerstein's escape, and declared
that the authorities had frowned upon any
genuine attempts to capture him, in order
to prevent disclosures affecting the Con
servative supporters of the Government.
These insinuations and open assertions,
however, were completely flattened out by
the discovery of Hammerstein in Decem-
Der last'by a Berlin commissary of police
in Athens, where he had represented him
self to fhe Greeks as a well-to-do commis
sion merchant of the name of William
Herbert. The German police had tracked
him through Switzerland and Italy, and
finally overhauled and stopped him as he
wa^ anding from a steamer at Piraeus,
the port of Athens, and five miles from
the city.
Having run him down the police com
missaries watched him closely during '.he
entire time occupied in making applica
tions in secret to the Greek Government
for his surrender.
The Greek Government does not extra
dite culprits except for capital offenses,
but under pressure from Berlin tne Athens
authorities took advantage of Hammer
ptein's having registered himself as "Wil
lian Herbert" to expel him from the
kingdom as an anarchist suspect.
Haramerstein, therefore, was compelled
to leave, and embarked on a steamer lor
BrindisL fhe German police also took
passage on the steamer, and the moment
the vessel sailed Commissary Woif of the
German police placed him under arrest,
and be was suDsequently brought back to
Berlin for trial. It was learned that his
mistress, Fraulein Glass, had informed the
police of Hammerstein's whereabouts from
time to time, betraying this and other
secrets out of revenge, because he did not
take her with him in his flight instead of
taking his family.
ILL-USED SEAMEN COMPLAIN
Another Story of Brutal Treatment at the
Hands of Officers, Desertion and
Recapture.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 26.— Five sail
ors who shipped on tbe snip W. F. Bab
cock for Honolulu and New York six
months ago in San Francisco appeared be
fore Deputy Shipping Commissioner Kee
nan yesterday and complained that Cap
tain Robert /J. Graham was wrongfully
•withholding their waces. They also told
a 6tory of alleged ill treatment by the cap
tain, First Mate McEachan and the second
mate.
The story, as far as it could be gleaned
from the contradictory stories of the men
and the captain, is that twelve of the
crew deserted at Honolulu, and that the
captain was compelled to engage a crew of
stevedores at $2 50 a day to unload and
load his ship. He wishes to deduct this
from the pay of the deserters — who were
subsequently arrested and returned to
bini— as well as $(>O, the price of a plate
glass window broken by members of the
crew and paid for by the captain.
The men declare that they were driven
to leave the ship by the cruelty of the offi
cers, and say that they were advised by
the Honolulu police to break the window J
of a Chinese laundry so that they would
be held in Honolulu after the ship sailed.
They deny that the captain paid as much
as $2 60 a day ior their substitutes. They
also declare that their treatment on the
eoyage from Honolulu to New York was j
than before. One man exhibited a
blood-stained coat and said that he had
been beaten into insensibility by the cap
lain with a pair of handcuffs. Another
man, Carl Bauer, said that he had been
tnocked down as many as twenty times
with a capstan bar by McEachan, and a
[bird testified that the second mate had
3r> ken tbe fingers of two Japanese sailors
\ith a beiayin*: pin.
Captain Graham exhibited a certificate
nun KIHs Mills, the American Consul at
fi on- lulu, staling that he had investigated
;he eh irges of cruelty and found them to
>c unfounded.
The investigation will be continued to
layand the captain will be required to pro
luce bills for all his claims against tne
wages of the men. If they are allowed the
sailors will lose all their wages and still be
in debt to the ship.
GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS.
Their Work for a Gold Standard
Will Not Be Regarded as "Per
nicious Activity."
NEW YORK, N. V., June 26.— A Herald
special from Washington says: Active
participation by administration officials
in the interest of sound money at the Chi
cago Convention will not be regarded by
President Cleveland as "pernicious activi
ty" or as a violation of the civil service
law. There is to be no official announce
ment to this effect, but it is asserted that
President Cleveland will not tbrow any
obstacles in the way of any member of the
administration taking part in the fight for
sound money at Chicago.
He does not, of course, wish prominent
administration officials to go there witli a
brass band, but he can see no objection to
those who can properly be spared from
their duties taking a leave of absence for
the purpose of gome to Chicago to par
ticipate in a dignified way in an effort to
convince the siiver delegates of the error
of their way.
Taking the cue from the President's
interview recently published and his
activity in writing letters to prominent
politicians and business men throughout
the country, many prominent officials
have determined to assist in the good
work by visiting the convention and ap
pealing personally to delegates who are
committed to free silver.
It is not likely that any of the Cabinet
officers will go to Chicago, but most of the
Assistant Secretaries and many heads of
bureaus in the various departments here
will be present at the convention. Assist
ant Secretary Hamlin of the Treasury De
partment, ComptrolJer Eckles, Mr. Pugh,
First Assistant Postmaster-General Jones,
Second Assistant Postmaster-General Max
well and Assistant Secretary of the Navy
McAdoo are among those who have de
cided to go to Chicago.
While the administration men who are
going to the convention propose to do all
in their power for the cause of sound
money, they realize that their task will be
one of great difficulty. The temoer of the
silver men and their determination to rule
or ruin the party are better understood in
Washington, perhaps, than in any other
place in the country.
SILVER PARTY CONVENTION
Preparations Being: Made for Its
Meeting: In St. Louis
Next Month.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 26.— Dr. J. J.
Mott of Statesville. N. C. chairman of the
National Committee of the Silver party,
has come to St. Louis to establish head
quarters for the party. Its National Con
vention is to be held at Music Hall, in the
Exposition building, on July 22, the day
set for the opening of the Populist Na
tional Convention at the Auditorium.
Mr. Mott was asked lor his views of the
proposed union of the silver forces.
"It seems to me that our only chance of
a complete victory at the polls next No
vember lies in coalition," he answered.
"The silver men cannot win if they divide
their strength between two tickets. That
there will be a coalition between the silver
party and the Populists I have no doubt
whatever. I may be wrong, hut I hon
estly believe that Henry M. Teller could
poll more votes for President of the United
States than any other candidate."
Next week Mr. Mott will leave for Chi
cago to attend a meeting there of the
National Committee of the Silver party on
the Fourth of July. The object of the
meeting is to confer wit.i the leaders of
the silver wing ol the Democratic party
on the proposed plan oi coalition.
♦
Gorman Won't Go
BALTIMORE, Md., June 26.— Senator
Gorman asserts positively that he will not
go to Chicago for the National Convention.
He does not think there is any chance to
stem the free-silver tide, and he believes
that a free-silver candidate will be nomi
nated. He says, "It looks like Boies."
Gorman does not think Teller stands much
chance.
♦
Commercial Travelers' Supreme Council.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 26.— The Su
preme Council of the United Commercial
Travelers' Association met here this after
noon and will remain in session over to
morrow, when officers will be elected. It
is the supreme governing and law-making
body of the organization, and this is its
annual meeting. To-night the side-issue
order of "Bagmen of Bagdad" .held a so
cial session.
WILLIAMS WAS WEALTH
He Now Claims He Is Without
Funds and Wants His
Wife's Money.
The Careless Manner in Which Thou
sands of Dollars Were Knocked
About.
The troubles of Richard S. Williams, the
Chinese interpreter recently dismissed by
Collector Wise, and his wife, Isabella M.
Williams, wero aired in Judge Seawell's
court yesterday.
Mrs. Williams is suing her husband for
j divorce oh the ground of extreme cruelty.
I An order was recently issued by Judge
i Seawell forbidding Williams interfering
I with or speaking to his wife. The inter
preter, however, on meeting her on the
street a short time ajo disobeyed this
order and tried to make her converse with
i him. He pursued her, despite the presence
of a policeman, and only desisted when
she pointed a rusty pistol in his face.
Mr~. Williams nas $3000 in a local bank,
and Williams claiming this to be com
munity property, asked for an order of
court permitting him to take possession
of $1500 of it. Mrs. Williams yesterday
entered a demurrer, alleging that Williams'
statement that he is without money is
false. She claims that on April 29, 1896,
I when she left her husband at their home
at 422 Scott street, she w&s obliged to jump
out of a window to escape physical injury.
In her haste to cet away. Mrs. Williams
says, she left $5300 in greenbacks in a,
kitchen drawer, wrapped up in a towel,
and over $800 in gold in a canvas bag in
a medicine-chest. She claims to have
later written a note to Williams so in
forming him. On June 8, it is further
I claimed, she and a female friend met the
j interpreter on th»p street, and, although he
denied finding $6000 in the house, ac
knowledged finding $5000 in all.
Williams denies having found any
money, and asks for half of the $5000 in
the bank.
It 13 also claimed that there are a num
ber of personal effects of Mrs. Williams
at the Scott-street house, which she is
afraid to go after. They are to be delivered
at 1028 Greenwich street.
Judge Seawell has taken the matter un
der advisement.
fancy Bubcnck's Kgtate.
The will of Nancy T. Babcock was yesterday
admitted to probate. Jeremiah Lynch is ap
pointed executor. Theestate is worth $8000.
Red Hot, iearless and just— Barry's Star. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
YALE'S CHANCE
FOR VICTORY,
Expert Ellington Says the
Americans Have Not
Improved.
ROWING IN SLOW TIME.
Disposed to Return to Their Old
Style When a Fast Stroke
Is Attempted.
POOB SHOWING IN TRIALS.
Work of the Britons Appears Much
Better, as Judged by the Watch.
Holder.
HENLEY, Ekg., June 26.— Mr. Elling
ton, the rowing expert /of the London
Field, has furnished to The United Press
his impressions as to the work of the Yale
crew on the Thames.
"The Yale men have not improved dur
ing the week," he says. "At a slow stroke
they row well with a good length of stroKe
and body swing, but when they row at a
faster stroke they are disposed to return
to their old style. Yesterday they
were nine seconds slower than the New
College crew in rowing to the Frawley
Court boathouse — half the course — and to
day, with a strong wind behind them,
their time was 3:33 to Frawley Court boat
house and 7:17 to the finish, rowing at a
stroke of thirty-two to the minute.
"Compared with this work Trinity Hall
rowed half the course in 3:31 and the
whole course in 7:15, at a 34 stroke, while
Leander did the half course in 3:22."
As to Dr. McDowell's work Mr. Elling
ton said: "Dr. McDowell is rowing much
better. He is very fast, but his staying
qualities are doubtful owing to the
cramped style in which he rows."
The Yale crew took dinner last evening
with Dr. J. F. Cooper, secretary of the
Royal Henley regatta committee, and
Mayor Simonds of Henley. ,
Bob Cook has raised the slides of the
Yale boat, and the men in consequence
sit higher and are doing much better olade
work.
RAH FOR CORNELL!
A GREAT BOATRACE,
\ Continued from I\rst Paoe.\
Cornell got away second, Pennsylvania
third, and Harvard, who was on the out
side and consequently farthest from the
Helvetia, got away last; but the start was
a very fair one and none of the crews had
any too much the best of it.
Scarce twenty strokes had been rowed
when a deep groan went up from the train
as the champions of last year, the much
fancied upholders of Columbia, were seen
to drop bacfc in the ruck. Before 200 yards
had been traversed the " 'Rah I 'Rah !
'Rah!" of Harvard announced that the
crimsons had forged their boat's nose
ahead of Pennsylvania, who were level
with Cornell, while Columbia was already
a length to the bad.
At the quarter-mile Harvard led Penn
sylvania by a length, while Cornell was
just about an eighth of a length behind
the Quakers and a length ana a half in
front of the Columbia men.
Coming up to the half-mile mark Cor
nell drew up to Pennsylvania's canvas
and it was nip and tuck for second place
between them, while both crews were
gaining on the leader.
Passing the first mile Harvard's lead
was cut down to three-quarters of a
length, while Cornell was rowing along
just fast enough to keep her a quarter of a
length in front of the Quaker crew. Co
lumbia was dropping farther astern as
though her shell was anchored. Cornell
and Harvard was setting a thirty-five clip
at the mile, but Cornell was putting more
force behind their stroke and had cut
down the Cambridge lads' advantage to
half a length. Pennsylvania, who was
rowing thirty-three to the minute, held
Cornell to half a length, while the Quakers
were still four Jengths ahead of Columbia.
When the two-mile mark was passed
Cornell was only an eighth of a length
behind Harvard and a length in front of
Pennsylvania. Even up between Cornell
and Harvard was the order at the two
mile flag. Cornell was still a length ahead
of Pennsylvania. A quarter farther on
saw Cornell in the vanguard position from
Harvard, despite the latter' s desperate re
sistance, and Pennsylvania was three
lengths behind the crimson. Then Cor
nell began to snow the effects of Courtney's
ideas imbibed in England last year. With
long sweeping strokes the Ithacans had
their shell a length ahead of Harvard, who
were in turn four lengths in front of Penn
sylvania. The Columbia? were splashing
badly eight or ten lengths to the bad and
could scarcely keep their boat on an even
keel.
Half a mile from the finish the order
was: Cornell first by two and a half
lengths, Harvard second By three lengths,
while Pennsylvania was about fifteen
lengths in front of Columbia.
A tremendous amount of noise greeted
Cornell as they entered the last quarter of
their trying journey, three lengths in
front of Harvard, on whom Pennsylvania
was creeping up fast, two lengths dividing
the pair. Cornell hit the stroke up to 37
*for the final burst and crossed the line a
winner by about four lengths. Pennsyl
vania also increased its speed in the last
quarter and Harvard only got home a
length and a quarter in front of them.
The three leading crews had almost got
their shells in tow when Columbia came
struggling home one minute and fifty-four
seconds after Cornell and Pennsylvania.
The official time was returned as fol
lows: Cornell, 19:32; Pennsylvania, 20:11.
This time, if correct, establishes a new
American record, as the best previous
time was 20:10, by Yale, at New London.
There is a serious discrepancy some
where. In the official time as givon from
the referees three and a naif seconds are
generally allotted to a length, and the
Cornell crew defeated Harvard by fully
four lenghts, or, roughly speaking, by
fourteen seconds, whereas the difference
in time shows a defeat for Harvard by
three seconds, or, say, three-quarters of a
length.
None of the timers or the referee could
be found up to a late hour to-night, so that
it was impossible to find out how the mat
ter will be managed.
Tne Columbia men were pretty well
done up, but there were no serious col
lapses. Pennsylvania finished the fresh
est of them-HETI. The Cornell boys owned
the town to-night. Street parades
were formed, giant firecrackers exploded
and the cry, "Cornell! I yell, I yelJ, Cor
nell!" mingled with cheers for the Har
vard crew, made sleep imoossible.
ENRAGED BALL PLAYERS.
They Attempt to Mob an Umpire Because
He Called a Game.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 26.— T0-day's game
between Louisville and Cleveland was a dis
grace from start to finish, and lasted three
hours and twenty minutes. The players of
both teams made a football of Umpire Weid
man, and engaged in fights between them
selves. Burkett's home run in the ninth in
ning tied the score. It was almost dark, end
Louisville did not try to play, going out one,
two, three. In the tenth, Cleveland scored
four runs on an error, a single and home
runs by McAleer and McGarr. Louisville got
three meu on the bases when Weidman called
the game on account of darkness. This so en
raged the Cleveland players that they made for
the umpire in a bunch. McAleer struck him
on the jaw. Then the crowd in the bleachers,
armed with sticks and beer glasses, made for
the diamond, but the police managed to drive
them away. Score: Clevelands— 4, 9, 0; Louis
vllles — 4, "9, 2. Batteries— Cuppy and O'Con
nor; Hill and Warner. Umpire— Weidman.
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 26.— The locals
defeated the champions rather easily this
afternoon. Notwithstanding that rain fell be
fore and during the game, 7384 spectators
were present. Maul pitched the first inning
for Washington and then retired because of
difficulty in handling the wet ball. King, who
succeeded him did sp'endid work, and would
have kept his opponents' score down to one
run but for errors. Joyce's work was first
class. McMahon was wild and ineffective.
Score: Washiugtons 9,10,2; Baltimores 3, 7,
2. Batteries— King and McGuire; McMahon
and Robinson. Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 26.— The Brooklyns
again beat the New Y'orks to-day, winning the
game in the sixth inning after the first two
men had been retired, on two bases on balls
and two hits. Payne stopped several ap
parent hits with men on bases. Jones' sticK
work and the fielding of Uaiy and Connough
ton were the features. Score : New Y'orks 1, 9,
3; Brooklyns 3, 12, 1. Batteries— Clarke and
Wilson; Payne and Grim. Umpire— Emslie.
CHICAGO, 111., June 26.— Hawley was easy
for the Colts to-day, and by bunching hits in
the third and fifth innings they won easily.
Friend was a complete puzzle to the Pittsburgh.
The Colts stole eleven bases. Score: Chicagos—
12. 10, 1; Pittsburgs— s. 10, 6. Batteries-
Friend and Daley; Hawley and Merritt. Um
pire—Sheridan.
ST. LOUIri, Mo., June 26.— The most ama
teurish exhibition of baseball ever seen here
in a championship game was given to-day by
the Browns. Their battery work and field i 111;
were equally bad. The visitors played an ex
cellent game. Hcore: St. Louis— 4, 7; 7; Cld
cinnatls—l6, 17, 1. Batteries— Hart aud Mur
phy ; Ehret and Peitz. Umpire— Lynch.
BOSTON, MAO., June 'Jt>.— Sullivan's pitch
ing was too much for ihe Phillies to-day. They
tied the game in the third and after that made
but five hits off him. Captain Nash received a
warm welcome and was presented with two
elegant stands of flowers, tseore: Bostons —
I 9,11,3; Philadelphias— 4, 11, 5. Batteries—
1 Sullivan and Tenney; Taylor and Clements.
Umpire— Henderson.
GENTRY BEAT HIS RECORD.
Paced a Mile in Two Minutes Three and
a Half Seconds.
RED OAK, lowa, June 26. — John R.
Gentry was sent against time to-day at
Pactolus Park, and clipped a quarter of a
second off his record, which is the world's
record for stallions, making it in 2:03%,
and beating the track record 4\£ seconds.
Owing to rain yesterday there were four
races ' to-day, and all of them were fast.
To-day was a model one for racing. At
tendance 5000. \ ,t -•.'.,-•."
2:15 pace, Durso $1000, Dick Wilkes won,
Hastings Boy second, King Lud third. Best
time, 2:12? 2 . \
Pacing against time, John R. Gentry, b. 5., ,
by Ashland Wilkes (Andrews). Time by quar
ters, :31,1:02m, 1:34,2:03.;. *■ '
Trotting. 2:-JS class, purse #1000. Eager won,
La Gratitude, second, Afro tniril. 'Best time,
2:l7}*. ■ .•■■■•
Pacing, 3 :00 class, pnrse iplOOO.Redlnda won,
Quick Turn second, Mary third. Host time,
2:15%.
Trotting, 2:23 class, purse $1000, Bonnie E
won, Black Prince second. Now Fashion third.
Best time, 2:1«.
CHICAGO, 111., June 26.-Results at Shef
field: Five and a half furlongs, Melody won,
Fideolus second, Virginia M third. Time,
1.-09& .
Four and a half furlongs, Siegfried won,
Thomas Payne second, Dr. Newman third.
Time, :58J^.
Five an da half furlongs. Frank Jaubert won.
Dixie Lee second. Muriel T third. Time, 1 :09%.
Seven furlongs, Serena won, May Gallop sec
ond. Battledore third. Time, 1:39.
Mile and seventy yards, tlusive won, Lang
don second, Eagle Bird third. Time, 1 :4 V,.
Six furlongs, Helen Wren won, Big Strive
second, Ardath third. Time, 1 :1» ,
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June 20.— Results : Six fur
longs. Altadena won, Jim Watson second,
Lizzie Mack third. Time, I :2l'^'.
Four and a half furlongs, Knutewon, Guil
lotine second, Judge Butler third. Time.
:59)4.
Six furlongs. Jack Martin won, Ozark Jr.
second, Keechler third. Time, 1:19.
One mile- and twenty yards, Damocles won,
Favorine second. Bertha third. Time, l:50l£.
! Six and a half furlongs, Harry D~ke won
Gftth second, Mercury third. Time, l":24>^.
Four and a half furlongs, Royal Lancer won,
Inca second, Horseshoe Tobacco third. Time,
'.51%.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June Results at La
tonia: Six furlongs, Kingstone won, Mesh sec
ond, Crumbaugh third. Time, 1:17.
Five furlongs, Ben Brown won, Winker sec
ond, Risque third. Time, l:04U.
One mile, Partisan won, Station T second,
Governor Boies third. Time, 1:46£.
Four and a half furlongs.Thorn Blossom won,
True Light second, Thanet third. Time, :571<.
Six furlongs, Mobala&ka yon, Richfield sec
ond, The Merchant third. Time, 1:16%.
LOS ANGELES ATHLETES' HOME.
Formal Opening ofthf Sew Gymnasium
and Parlors.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 26.— The
new home of the Los Angeles Athelic Club
on South Spring street was thronged by
guests this evening, the occasion being the
formal opening of the elegant quarters. It
was a ladies' night. The rooms were taste
fully decorated and an orchestra was in at
tendance.
After an inspection of the various rooms
the company entered the gymnasium,
which had been converted into a ballroom.
A short musical programme was rendered.
Fred Colver and J. W. Cook sang, and
Miss Hatlie Dryfus rendered a piano selec
tion. The Dudley Buck Concert Club was
heard la several songs. A feature of the
musical programme was a march com
posed by Mrs. C. P. Lyndall, the wife of
the vice-president, and dedicated to the
institution. Dancing was then begun.
The committees were:
On reception— W. F. Kennedy (chairman), C,
M. Baker, E. D. Chapman, H. .1. Fleischman.
C. F. A. Last, L. H. Maybury, M. T. Owens,
George E. Steckel, John S. Thayer, J. D. Willey,
D. E. Wellcome, A. C. Way.
Floor— R. J. Brain fmannger), John H. Har
rington, F. D. Hall, Perry Howard, G. W. Law
rence, Robert Wankowski.
The new quarters were erected especially
for the ciub and have been fitted thor
oughly with necessary paraphernalia for
an athletic institution. The gymnasium
has been supplied with tennis and hand
ball courts, and in the center can be
pitched a 24-foot ring and a seating ca
pacity of 1500 around it. The reading
room'is on the first floor and the bachelors'
quarters on the floor above.
ILLINOIS BYCICLE RACES.
W. C. Sangrr Captured Two Events for
Professional Riders.
PEORIA, 111., June 26.— Eight thou
sand people attended the bicycle races at
Lakeview Park to-day. W. C. Sancer cap
tured the half and the mile professional
events, the former in 1:03 1-5 and tlie lat
ter in 2 :C9. Tom Cooper crossed the tape
first in the one-third of a mile open pro
fessional and the State championship ama
teur went to E. W. Peabody. The races
close to-morrow.
Summaries: One-third of a' mile open, Tom
Cooper won, Arthur Gardiner second, Burt
Repine third. Time, A3.
Five-mile amateur, State championship, E.
W. Peabody won, A. A. McLaln second, A. J
Banta third. Time, 13 :32 1-5.
One-mile handicap, W. E. Becker won, W. C
Sanger second, A. C. Van Nest third. Time.
2:14.
Ha!f a mile open, W. C. Sanger won, F. H.
Allen second, Otto Ziegler third. Time,
1:03 1-5.
One-mile open, W. C. Sanger won, Tom
Cooper second, Otto Ziegler third, Joe Griebler
fourth. Time, 2:09.
PRINCE SIMON WINS.
Mr. Lebaudy's Horse Captures the Clar
ence and Avondale Stakes.
LONDON, Eng.. June 26.— At the San
down Park summer meeting to-day the
Clarence and Avondale stakes (handicap)
of 3000 sovereigns, for three and four-year
olds, about one mile and a furlong, was
won by Mr. Lebaudy's Prince Simon;
Leopold de Rothchild's Utica was second
and J. C. Cunningham's Kale third.
The British Dominion two-year-old race
of 1000 sovereigns for two-year-olds bred
and trained in tiie British dominions, five
furlongs, was won by L. Pilkington's filly
Canonbury. The Duke of Westminster's
filly Blue Water was second and J. Simon
Harrison's filly Dunera third.
POOLROOMS AT SAUSALITO.
Bets on the Eastern Races Placed in the
Buffalo Hote'.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Jane 26.— Harrison
& Co. of San Francisco opened a poolroom
this eveninz in the hall of the Buffalo
Hotel. Quite a number of the sporting
fraternity crossed the bay and betting on
the Eastern races was lively. No arrests
have been made. Bruce, Dickinson and
Sperry, City Trustees, are taking a vaca
tion.
This action of Harrison & Co. will prob
ably decide the difference between com
mission business and poolroom operations.
■ •
Cruise to McXcars Landing.
SAUSALITO, Cal., June 26.— The San
Fraucisco, Corinthian, California and En
cinal yacht clubs will join in a cruise to
McNears Landing, on the Sacramento
River, to-morrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
The four comniodores will meet on Sun
day morning and discuss important mat
ters and arrange for sailing in squadrons,
each club joining on one general pro
gramme. It is expected the combined
fleet will turn out about seventy-five
yachts. The return will be made Sunday
evening.
Races at Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 26.— 1n the
2:40 class trot this afternoon Almota won,
Crystal Belle second, Tumalum third.
Best time. 2:20. /-.-*■
2:24 trot, Guard won, Johnny Trouble
second, Nettie Ham third. Best time,
2 :22}£.
Five furlongs, Grover won. Time, 1:02.
The race was declared off on account of
one horse being left at the post.
Mile and a half hurdle race, Mestorwon,
Comrade second, Hiram Argo third.
Time 2:56.
«,
Lamed is Beaten.
LONDOM, Esq., June 26.— Lamed, the
American tennis-player, was beaten to
day in the first round of the singles and
the third round of the doubles for the
London championship.
A SNEAK FOR LIBERTY,
George Brighton, a Burglar, Tries
to Escape in a Court
room.
Judge Wallace Sentenced a Robber to
Twenty Years in State's
Prison.
There was great excitement in Judge
Wallace's court for a few moments yes
terday morning. Sixteen prisoners were
in the dock awaiting the pleasure of the
court, but when Bailiff P^ J. Curtis
counted noses as they filed out, try as he
would he could find but fifteen of his
charges present.
It was at first thought that one of the
men had been taken to another court, but
an examination of the books showed that
all should be present in Department 6.
The fifteen remaining malefactors were
marched to the prison van, when it was
discovered that the missing man was
George Brighton, who is charged with an
attempt to commit burglary.
After a thorough search of the court
room Brighten, who is a small man, was
found stowed away under a bench in the
far corner of the railed inclosure in which
the prisoners are confined. His intention
evidently was to remain there if his ab
sence was unnoticed until the noon recess,
and then slip away unobserved.
Judge Wallace sentenced two of the six
teen men to terms in State's prison.
Harry Church, who while in a crowd of
intoxicated men snatched a watch of S. H.
Smith and ran away with it, was given a
twenty-year sentence for robbery.
James Buckley, convicted of burglary,
got two and a half years in Folsom.
THREE CARNIVAL COLORS
Cardinal, Blue and Gold Are Formally
Adopted to Brighten the Coming
Festival.
Blue, gold and cardinal were last night
formally adopted as the colors for the car
nival of the Golden Gate. Distinguishing
designs for the various committees were
also adopted. Each design will be placed
upon a strip of ribbon representing the
three colors. The executive committee
will be represented by a five-pointed star;
golden for the chairman and silver for the
other members of the committee. Cornu
copias of gold and silver will distinguish
the finance committee and crossed
muskets military parade; miniature yacht
will be the emblem of the committee on
naval display, flaming torch for the com
mittee on illumination ana decoration,
crossed flags for tribunes and grand stands,
harp for committee on music, scale of
justice for committee on awards of prizes,
clasped hands for committee on invita
tion and reception; a bear will distinguish
the committee for California day, crossed
pens the committee on literary exercises
and the strong arm athletic sports. v^
The chairman of these sub-committees
will wear a design representing his com
mittee, supported by a small gold star.
A small silver star underneath the design
will distinguish whether the member is
also a member of the executive committee.
Special badges for the press will be de
signed by the corresponding secretary,
and will be divided into two classes—
class for those actually engaged in the
work of the carnival and the other for vis
iting and local newspaper men.
The carnival buttons, which will be pre
pared during the coming week and placed
on sale, will bear the words "Golden Gate,
1896," on the center, and will be about the
size of a quarter of a dollar.
The question of regalia was also dis
cussed. Marshals of divisions will wear
sashes of blue, gold and cardinal, and aids
will wear a sash of one color. , No less
than three aids will be appointed to each
division.
W. D. Harper, manager of the Em
porium, stated that that building will be
illuminated in the carnival colors from
ton to bottom.
At tha final wind-ut) of the ; carnival . a
grand ball will be given at the Mechanics'
Pavilion, and all the participants will be
expected to appear in costumes made in
the carnival colors.
> ♦ ♦
Lord Leigh ton's peerage was the short
est lived in the history of England. >:■- He
died on the day following that upon which
the patent of nobility was issued, and as
he left no heir the title died with. him. /;-'
MEET PORTLAND
ATHLETES TO-DAY,
Olympics Are Handicapped
by the Loss of Phil
Wand.
INJURED IN A TUSSLE.
His Collarbone Broken While
Competing With Wrestler
Krelling.
CAPTAIN GILL CONFIDENT.
Believes His Men Will Win, Though
but Six Will Enter the
Lists.
PORTLAND, Ob.. June 26.— N0 event
in the field of athletic sport has attracted
such general attention as the champion
ship contests to-morrow between the
Multnornah Club of Portland and the
Olympics of San Francisco. It is a coming
together for the first time of the athletes of
the north and south on the Pacific Coast.
The programme nas not been arranged to
suit all yet. Chairman Goldsmith of the
Multnomah athletic committee, Captain
Gill and Captain Fuller have had several
conferences over tne arrangement of
the events, and to-day and to-night at the
clubhouse the officials are fixing up the
programme and selecting the presiding of
ficials for the contests.
Since their arrival the Olympic boys
have been faithfully training on the track
every afternoon. They have been as
signed quarters in the fieldhouse for
their exclusive use, and from the manner
in which their wants are looked after the
California visitors cannot but fe^l grate
ful. In the two camps of the friendly ene
mies there is but one subject, and that re
lates to the winners that are picked for
the particular events in which they are
entered.
Captain Fuller of thp Multnomahs has
been reluctant to show his hand, and there
is a suspicion that he may hold all trumps.
His team is in the pink of condition, and
when Trainer John King is asked "What
do yon guess?" he smiles iv that peculiar
fashion that makes conversation super
fluous.
There was a little discouragement in the
Olympic crowd to-day. Owing to a most
unfortunate accident one of their best men
has been disabled, so that he will not be
counted on in to-morrow's games. This is
a serious crippling of Captain Gill's team.
The disabled man is Phil Wand, the
sprinter. Last evening he and Kreling,
the wrestler, indulged in a grappling
match for practice. Wand was thrown
hard, and in the tussle his ? houlder was
dislocated. It will be impossible for him
to make his appearance with the team to
morrow. Captain Gill said this morning
that it practically left him but six men to
work for the victories in the thirteen
I events. Still they will do the best they
cnn. Wand was counted upon as one of
the standbys of the visiting team.
The events constituting the programme
for the afternoon are as follows: 100-yard
dash, 220-yard dash, 120-yard hurdle, 220
--yard hurdle, high jump, broad jump, pole
vault, 440-yard run, half mile run, one
mile run, 16-pound-hammer throw, 16
--pound-shot put, 50-pound-weight tossing.
Regarding the chances of the Multno
mah Club there are two disappointments.
L. J. Brazee is not in condition for the
jumps or the vauits; he is not in shape to
enter the lists. Another good man of
whom much cannot be expected to-mor
row is Frank Coyne, who has already
demonstrated promising powers in tbe
sprints. Trainer King says that although
Coyne will be in the lists too much can
not be expected of him because he is not at
all in condition. The rest of the men of
both teams are in fine shape.
GRADUATES AT SAN JOSE,
Seventy -Nine Students of the
Normal School Given
Diplomas.
Tendered a Reception at Turn Verein
Hall by the Alumni Asso
ciation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 26.— The graduat
ing exercises at the Slate Normal School
this morning were largely attended. The
hall was prettily decorated with flowers,
and an interesting programme was carried
out. W. H. V. Raymond, editor of the
State textbooks, addressed the class. Lieu
tenant-Governor Jeter also delivered a
brief speech.
The graduates, seventy-nine in number,
areas follows: Dorothy L. Allen, Lucy
M. Alsanson, Annie C. Andrews, Mary
Andrews, Lncy M. Armsirong, Florence
Ashmore, Emily L. Baker, Isabella M.
Baker, Anna M. Bebrns, Laura C. Bet
tannier, Mabel C. Black, Anne M. Brad
ley, Malwine C. Bronson. Eugene O. Buree,
Glennie Busey, Blanche Campbell, EUal.
Cardoza, Margaret E. Church, Frances
M. Cox, Josephine L. Cooney, M. Jo
sephine Delahanty, Alice H. Dickey,
Ruth Dickenson, Cornelia Earle, Cecilia
Edwards, Mollie E. Flanigan, Eliza
beth Fleming, Lucy D. Forsyth, Jen
nie C. Garibaldi, Laura S. Gilbert, C.
C. Gilmore, Harriette E. Grey, Addie
W. Hamlin, Lenore Harlan, Lenore
Hallengren. Charles B. Harris, Cecelia
H. Hynding, Jennie M. James, Wini
fred A. Jeffreys, Julia 1. Kell, Edith
J. King, Delphine C. Larson, Edna
L. Lauer, Jean R. Lee, Anna Levin, D.
Jeanette Levings, F. de Lar.cey Lewis,
Fannie Little, Emma Lobenstein, Phcebe
Lowrie, t. June Main, Katie MacKenzie,
Marilla Merriman, Emanuel B. Metzger,
Maniie E. Mulligan. Anna M. O'Brien,
Carrie Parish, Susie L. Parkison, Florence
I. Pepin, Olga A. Pieper. Jennie B. Radke,
Belle Rosenthal, Ethel L. Rucker, Lily G.
Secrest, Annn M. Sp.ague, Ida M. Sund,
Ida Snead, Lizzie S. Stewart, Helen W.
Stocking, Edna D. Stoddard, W. N. Taylor,
Clara F. Thomas, .baura A. Thomas,
Annie H. Thompson, Charlotte F. Trim
ingham, Lotta Waldo, Mary E. Warren,
Amy E. Wigmore. Clara E. Willson.
This evening the graduates were ten
dered a reception at Turn Verein Hall by
the Alumni Association of the school.
Yerba Buena Lodge t.leclion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 26.— Yerba
Buena Lodge, Knights and Ladies of
Honor, has elected the following officers:
Past protector, A. L. Hubbard; protector,
E. B. Green; vice protector, J. C. McDon
ald; financial secretary, G. J. Peters; re
cording secretary, Mary A. McDonald ;
treasurer, L. W. "Hurlbert; chaplain, Kit*
McGlynn; guide. Mrs. E. O. Fredericks;
guardian, W. F. Bollinger; sentinel,
Mamie M. Kell.
BABY DONHAM'S ESTATE.
The Child Adjudged Sole Heir to (Ac
J&cGUncy Property.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 26.— M. T. Brewer,
guardian of Percy Osborne Brewer, as the
sole survivor of the McGlincy murder is
now known, was this morning appointed
administrator of the estate of James K.
Wells, son of Mrs. R. P. McGlincy, and
one of Dunham's victims.
Issuance of letters on the estate was con
tested by Public Administrator Secord.
The question at issue was whether Wells
or his mother, Mrs. McGlincy. was killed
first. If Wells was killed rirst Mrs. Mc-
Glincy's relatives would come in tor a
share of the property, and the child would
get its mother's share only; but if Wells
survived its mother the child was the sole
heir.
Judge Reynolds decided that the evi
dence at the Coroner's inquest was that
Mrs. McGlincy was killed several hours
before her son, and that the baby was the
sole heir. Brewer's bond was placed at
$3500. _
STATE NORMAL ALTMEN.
Officer* Chosen to Serre During the En-
suing I ear.
BAN JOSE, Cal., June 26.— The Alumni
Association of the San Jose State Normal
School, which closed its thirty-third an
nual session in this city this evening,
elected the following officers for the ensu
ing year:
President, James Carson '94; first vice
president, F. M.Moore '94; second vice
president, Lillian Sparks '92; third vice
president, Verne MacGeorge'9l; secretary,
A. H. Suzzallo '05; assistant secretary,
Mary Sullivan '89; treasurer, First Na
tional Bank; railroad secretary, L. J.
Geary; executive commiitee — Nettie
Knowles '96. Jeanette Cutter '93, Minnie
Mackay '89; enrollment committee —
Robert A. Lee '89, Laura Jones '92;
Blanche Phillippi '92.
Sickneits Caused Mis Absence.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 26.— William
Stcoring, who mysteriously disappeared a
few months ago while foreman of A. VV.
Stewart's ranch, near Courtland, in the
Sacramento Valley, has been located at
the home of E. T. Stewart, three miles
above Los Gatos, where he is just recover
ing from a Jong siege of sickness. In
March Skoring was granted a short leave
of absence and came to this city, and
while visiting at the Thomas home was
taken sick.
Red Men Elect Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 26.— San Jose
Stamm No. 77, United Order of Red Men,
has elected the following officers: Ober
! ctiief, P. Rosenbaum; unter chief, F.
! June; bei chief, V. Humburg; secretary,
P. Schumacher; treasurer, Chris Hirth;
trustee, A. Graessle; representatives to the
Grand Lodge— F. Schumacher, P. War-
I kentin and F. Jung.
WARNING TO MARINERS.
! Dangerous Uncharted Rock Discovered
by a Canadian Captain.
TACOMA, Wash., June 25.— Captain J.
! T. Walbran of tne Dominion Government
steamer Quadra has examined and fixed
I tbe position by sextant angles of an un
| charted rock off the south side of Discov
! cry Island. The rock lies between the
! fifth and tenth fathom line on British ad
i miralty chart 577, outride of all dangers
j marked on the chart, and bears from Sea
| bi_rd Point S. by W. S. X W. westerly
j (magnetic), S. 43 decrees (true), distance
41^ cables. The rock is marked by kelp,
and has a depth on it at low water of I>£
fathoms. There is deep water, nine fath
i oms, close southward of the rock, and on
j th« east and west sides of it eijrht and nine
I fathoms respectively, but shoal water to
the northward, there being depths in that
direction of 4, 2)4 3nd 5 fathoms as far as
the fifth fathom line.
MUST HAVE MORPHINE.
Nora Coffey Stole to Get Money to Bay
the Drag:.
For some time past the people in the
Burlington Hotel, on Second and Market
streets, have been missing articles of bed
clothing and a close watch was kept on the
rooms. Yesterday a Chinese servant dis
covered a strange woman in one of the
rooms on the third floor, who was folding
up a spread. Officer P. J. O'Donnell was
sent for and when the woman saw that
she was trapped with the evidence of her
guilt she ran down the hall and jumped
through a window into the light well. She
landed heavily on a protecting wire screen
that is over the entire space on the first
floor. The woman was removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where she gave the
name of Nora Coffey. She is addicted to
the use of morphine and it was to obtain
the drug that she stole the clothes. She
said she lived at the Second-street House.
An examination of the injuries showed
that she had sustained a badly fractured
leg.
• — * — «
The bridal veil of a Japanese young lady
is subsequently used as her shroud. Just
after the marriage it is carefully put n way
and reserved until death makes its use
again necessary.
HERE DID YOU
i get those pimples and facial blemishes?
Oli, you did— from a sarsaparilla contain-
ing iodide of potassium, eh? You should
not take iodide of potassium, It is sure to
show on your face. When you are blue,
melancholy, have a liver trouble, you
should u*e a remedy that does its work
and never TELLS on the face.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have been taking your sarsa-
parilhi, and think if is a wonderful rem-
edy. I have had catarrh of the head and
throat for seven years and have been
treated by doctors. I got Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla and took it for about five
months, and from that day to this I have
never been troubled with catarrh, and I
belie re lam entirely well of it. I have
found it matchless. It is good to have
handy. HARRY L. FIMMELL,
Little Lake, Cal.
34
GLENDALE MINER
SADLY MANGLED,
Pitiful Result of Andrew
Benson's Loyalty to His
Employer.
TORN BY AN EXPLOSION.
Premature Discharge of a Salute
on the Birthday of a Mine
Superintendent
LOSES BOTH ARMS AND AN EYE
His Body Denuded and Shockingly
Bruised, but Doctors Say He
Will Live.
PORTLAND, Oe., June 26.— Andrew !
Kenson, a miner, was horribly mangled at
Glendale, a small mining camp on the
Southern Pacific Railroad, last night.
Yesterday was the birthday of Colonel
Taylor, superintendent of the Victory
mine, and Benson proposed to discharge
several shots of giant powder as a salute
in honor of the occasion. The other men
demurred, fearing that Colonel Taylor
would not appreciate the demonstration.
Benson insisted, however, and pro
curing the cartridges, caps and
fuse started off alone for the sta
tion. Thirty minutes later Benson's
mangled body was picked up near the rail
road track by trainbands and the man the
unfortunate miner had intended to salute.
The giant powder had exploded pre
maturely. Benson was covered with blood
and blackened by powder, smoke and
dust. Both of his arms were blown off
above the wrists, his right eye was hang
ing from its socket, and his body, stripped
of clothing by the force of the explosion,
was dotted by small wounds.
On an improvised litter the wounded
man was carried to the Victory mine and
a surgeon was summoned from Roseburg,
twelve miles distant. On his arrival he
amputated Benson's arms and removed
his right eye, and after making the pa
tient as comfortable as possible gave orders
that he be brought to the Good Samaritan
Hospital in Portland.
Benson arrived on this morning's train,
his wounds being redressed by the hospi
tal surgeons, who gave every promise of
the miner's ultimate recovery.
PORTLAND MILLS BURNED
Fire Destroys Property on the
North Side Valued at
$300,000.
Two Hundred Workingmen Are
Thrown Out of Employment by
the Conflagration.
PORTLA>D, Or., June 26.— A nrebroke I
out in the engine-power room of Weidler's i
lumbering-mills in the north part of the ■
city this afternoon. It started in a hot i
box, and in five minutes the structure j
was a mass of flames. The entire fire de- |
partment from the East and West sides '
was summoned, but nothing was saved |
beyond the finishing-shed, the office build
ing and 3,000,000 feet of lumber lying west
of the railway track. The loss is $300,000.
When the fire first got under full head
way a light westerly breeze was stirring,
thus threatening the entire north part of
the city. Fortunately in a few minutes
the wind veered about, arresting an in
calculably disastrous fire.
Immediately after the alarm was
Bounded four employes of the mill were
forced to leap from the roof of the burn
ing mill into the river to escape being
burned to death. One of them. Ben Ervine,
was seriously injured about the head and
face by falling timbers.
A half hour later Carson's large planing
mill was swept away; not a vestige of it
remains standing. It is estimated there is
not more than $60,000 insurance to cover
the whole loss. The fire throws out of em
ployment 200 men whose monthly pay
amounted to $10,000.
The Weidler mill was built in 1872 by
the late Ben Holliday as an adjunct to the
Oregon and California Railroad, which he
at that time controlled. For the past three
years it has been in the hands of a re
ceiver.
WOMA.S'B MGHT IN VISALIA
Eleventh Amendment Champion* Ad
dre** a Large Gathering.
VISALIA, Cal., June 26.— Courthouse
Park was elaborately decorated and il
luminated to-night, and for several hours
it was thronged by Visalia's best people.
It was woman's night, and hundreds of
both sexes had gathered to indorse the ef
forts of those who are working to have
added to the constitution of California an
eleventh amendment.
The meeting opened with a song by the
Choral Society of twelve voices, followed
by prayer by Rev. Peter Colvin . The pres
ident, Mrs. Merritt, introduced ex-Mayor
D. M. Adams, who delivered a well
worded address. J. W. Thomas spoke at
great length in favor of equal suffrage,
and Miss Manchester of Tulare, a woman
of pleasing address, pleaded eloquently
for the rights of the wives and mothers of
the land.
Attorney B. F. Roth made the speech of
the evening, and soon had the audience
in an enthusiastic mood and the best of
humor. Mrs. Merritt asked for a rising
vote on the question of equal suffrage, and
when the "ayes" had responded chal
lenged any man on the negative side to
arise and give a reason why woman should
not have the ballot. No one accepted the
invitation.
UAXGEI* AT MAKSHFIELT*
Carl Aubrecht Viet for the Murder of
His Wife.
MARSHFIELD, Ob., June 26. — Carl
Aubrecbt was hanged inthe jaiiyard here
at a few minutes padt 10 o'clock to-day.
The execution was witnessed by only
those legally entitled to be present. Au
brecnt's neck was broken and life was ex
tinct in a few seconds.'
The crime for which Aubrecht died was
the brutal murder of his wife last Janu
ary. The woman had supported him by
taking in washing, and when she failed to
procure money for him he killed her.
Regular* Camp at Monterey
MONTEREY, Cal., June 26.—Compa
nies D and F of the Presidio, which left
bun Francisco on June 1 for the Yoseraite
Valley, arrived at Monterey to-day and
Ditched camp near the Hotel del Monte.
The companies are under the command of
Major McCrey. They bad reached Ma
dera en route to the valley, when they
were instructed to march to Monterey to
attend the celebration on July 7 com
memorative of the raising of the flag by
Commodore Sloat.
TO DRILL THE RESERVES.
Lieutenant- Commander Inge r toll Will
Give. Order* on Shore.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 26.—Lieu
tenant-Commander Ingersoll of the flag
ship Philadelphia has been so well pleased
with the earnestness of the Fourth Gun
Division Naval Battalion, N. G. C, of this
city in the practice drills aboard the
Philadelphia and Monadnock that he has
offered to come ashore on Monday night j
and give the members instructions in
the physical culture drill, which, as given
by the Philadelphia men, has attracted
much attention here and at Sac Fran
cisco.
The Santa Cruz Najal Reserve feel highly
complimented by the offer, as it will be
the first time the drill has been taught to
men on shore.
The officers and men of the Naval Re
serve are ordered aboard the Monadnock
on Tuesday morning at 7 o'clock for a
cruise at sea. That will be their last visit
to the warship?, and the full strength of
the division will be represented. Lieuten
ant Morey, in command of this division,
says the members have evinced the high
est appreciation of the considerable ad
vantages accorded them by the officers of
the warships.
Hoods year Albuquerque.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., June 26.
--; Rain fell heavily in the mountains east of
this city late yesterday afternoon, and
torrents ten feet in depth came down sev
eral canyons toward the city. Just above
the city water is moving over the Santa Fe
railroad track three feet deep, and several
arroyos and acequias arc running Dank
full. Washouts along the track are feared,
but Division Superintendent Hurley is
I here in case of trouble. This is the first
rainfall in this country since last Decem
ber.
SANTA CRUZANS FETED,
Admiral Beardslee Entertains
Landsmen and Ladies on
the Monadnock.
Invited Guests Dance and Make Merry
on a Prettily Decorated
Battle-Ship.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 26.— 0n board
the Monadnock this afternoon Admiral
! Beardslee and his officers formally re
ceived the citizens of Santa Cruz, and a
fortunate few participated in a dance on
the decks. Nearly all of the 200 cards
sent out for the affair were responded to,
and every one was royally entertained.
During the past two weeks the officers of
the warships have been the petted lions of
local society; social honors and pleasures
have been heaped upon them. To-day the
j Santa Cruzans were fully repaid tor their
I hospitality.
Cards to to-day's affair were eagerly
sought for, but they were sparingly and
carefully extended, and the result wa3 the
most exclusive and delightful affair that
Santa Cruz has seen in years. Guests
began to arrive at the monitor fully half
an hour before the appointed time, 3
o'clock. The bay, from the dock to the
boats, was dotted by small craft of every
description.
Aboard the warship Admiral Beardslee,
surrounded by the officers of his staff, re
ceived the folk who came and turned them
over to the hands of a hospitable recep
tion squad.
The deck of the boat was exquisitely
decorated with ferns and blossoms and
I every flag and naval trapping to be found
i aboard. Punch, ices, delicate cakes,
sandwiches and other light delicacies
l were served in abundance. The superb
j music of, the Philadelphia's band and the
I absolute calm of the Day made of the danc
' ing more than a passing pleasure.
It was after 6 o'clock when the guest
laden boats put bacli to the dock with a
happy crowd at peace with themselves
and the American navy.
Killed at Bi**on.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 26.— B. N.
' Brown of Knights Landing received a dis
patch stating that his father, H. S. Brown,
had been horribly mangled and killed by
a freight train early this morning at Sis
son. The particulars of the accident are
meager, but it is presumed that the elder
Brown was at Sisson loading stock fl >r
shipment from his Modoc County r. *\;h
when the accident occurred. "Hi" Brown,
as he was known, had resided in Yolo
County from 1850 to 1880, when he re
i moved to Modoc County.
♦ .
Murder at Monitor.
YUM A, Ariz., June 26. —Monitor, a min
ing camp twenty miles from Yuma, wag
the scene of a cowardly assassination this
morning. Sam Lee, a Chinese storekeeper
at that place, was murdered by an un
known person. He was found dead, his
skull crushed with the flat side of an ax,
which was lying near by stained with
blood. The motive for the deed is uncer
tain, but the most commonly accepted
theory is that Lee was killed for his money.
StanUlau* Water Rates Lowered.
MODESTO, Cal., June 26.— The water
rate case, which has been before the Board
of Supervisors here for three days, was
decided this afternoon, the Supervisors
establishing a lower rate to be charged by
the Kings River and San Joaquin River
Cana! and Irrigating Company for water
us-ed by West Side iarmers, who have been
obtaining their supply from the old Miller
& Lux canal. A 50-cent cut was made on
all rates.
Steamer* to Cooks Inlet
SEATTLE, Wash., June 26.— The Ore
con Improvement Company has dis
patched Frank E. Burns to Cooks Inlet,
with a view to the establishment of a per
manent steamship line between this city
and the inlet. The first vessel will sail on
September 1.
Vonticello Firebug Convicted.
NAPA, Cal., June 26.— A jury last nieht
returned a verdict of guilty in the case of
Michael Cody, charged with arson. He
was formerly employed in the Peacock
Hotel at Monticello. Upon being dis
charged about two weeks ago he attempted
to burn the place.
(alitpell Valley Flooded
SPOKANE, Wash', June 26. — Pend
d'Oreille River has overflowed its banks,
flooding the entire Caiispell Valley, and
spreading ruin and disaster to settlers for
twenty miles. The loss of cattle is heavy
and crops will be an entire loss.
■»
Cloverdale Graduate*.'
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jnne 26.— Union
Hall was crowded to the doors last night
by an audience gathered to enjoy the
j commencement exercises of the Ciover
' dale Union High School. A number of
San Francisco and Oakland people who
are spending the summer in this vicinity
were present. The graduates this year
are Miss Adah Williams, Miss Elizabeth
Markell and Charles Corley.
The unjailed People's Bank robbers are to
day flayed in Barry's Star. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
LOS ANGELES
ROBBERS' PLOT,
Destruction of Big Blocks
Planned by Tunneling
Cracksmen.
MEANT DEATH TO MANY.
Business Houses to Have Been
Blown Up to Conceal Their
Crime.
POLICE FORCE IS CENSURED.
Knew of the Intended Raid Weeks
Ago, but Allowed the Gang to
Escape.
LOS ANGELES, Cal,, June 26.— The
sensation of the hour here is the discovery
of the bold attempt by safe-crackers to
plunder the -money vaults of the First
National Bank by tunneling to them from
the cellar of a neighboring room. In
making public their find of a few days
ago the authorities have brought upon
their own heads a torrent of censure from
citizens, who accuse the police and detec
tive forces of incompeteucy for having
allowed the tunnelers to escape after
learning that they were at work. The
officials are consoling themselves in the
knowledge that they have suspect
Stephens under arrest, but few believe
Stephens belonged to the gang. Stephens
is being closely guarded by tha police,
who will not permit him to talk to any
one save his lawyer.
These desperadoes not only contem
plated the robbery of the bank, but in
tended to conceal all traces of the burglary,
it is now believed, by blowing up the build
ings in that vicinity. They had thirty
one sticks of giant powder, three boxes of
percussion caps and 200 feet of fuse. It
was their purpose, had they succeeded in
looting the vaults, to lay the fuse and then
touch it off, which would have demolished
the entire block and certainly caused the
death of many people.
In the opinion of some of the shrewdest
detectives, the escaped robbers are part of
the notorious "Jimmy" Hope's gang cf
bank-robbers.
Captain Harris say& he warned Presi
dent Elliott four weeks ago that an at
tempt would be made to rob his bank.
Now the wonder is why the tunnelers got
away, when the local sleuths, as they
claim, "knew all about it weeks ago."
The Express to-night, commenting on the
alleged incompetency of the police, says:
The bungling and clumsy efforts of the
police and detectives particularly were topics
of conversation about town to-day. Some of
the officials pronounce their coarse and ama
teur work as the very embodiment of incom
petency and imbecility. By their own state
ments it appears that the officers did not try
to effect an arrest until long after the burg
lars had got away, and then when they bad
failed they placed the blame on others. The
fact of an attempted robbery and burglary
was known to the Express ten days ago, and
only at the earnest solicitation of officials was
the story kept secret In order that some of the
culprits might be captured.
District Attorney Donnell said to-day:
"If what is published in the morning
papers is all that the police claim to know
aoout the matter all 1 have to say is that
they know about one-fifth of the facts."
According to reliable information five
men were implicated in the scheme, some
of whom are well known to the Sheriff's
office. A Deputy Sheiiff met one of the
ringleaders, who is well known to him,
about ten days ago and held a conversa
tion with him.
SHE EXCELS MME. PATH.
Home- Coining of Mis* law, the Califor
nia Nightingale.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 26.— Miss
Ellen Beach Yaw, the young woman with
the highest voice tones in the world, has
returned to this city. Miss Yaw left here
some years ago to study and has met with
phenomenal success. Her high tones go
up an octave higher than those of Patti
and her voice is of notable sweetness.
Miss Yaw spoke of the training of her
wonderful voice, saying that her highest
tones were not cultivated by any special
method or master, and that in the devel
oping of her medium tones the highest
came with ease. Constant and faithful
study and practice is her motto. When
asked as to her appearing here she said :
"I have as yet set no time for an appear
ance here, being at home for a vacation
and rest. My studying since leaving here
has been done in Boston, New York, Paris
and London. I have not been home for
four years."
Expert Lewi* Win* a Point.
LOS ANGE.LES, Cal., June 26.— The
Supreme Court has granted a rehearing in
the case of Thomas A. Lewis of this city
vs. the State Controller, which is a pro
ceeding in mandamus to compel the Con
troller to audit the warrant oi Lewis, who
has been, since June, 1896, expert for the
State Board of Examiners on a salary of
$2000 a year and traveling expenses. The
Controller refused to issue a warrant for
Lewis' salary, on the ground that the Jaw
made no provision ior it. The Supreme
Court sustained this view, but had just
granted a rehearing en bane.
'Passing, of a Pioneer.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 26.— Don
Antonio Cuyas Ribot, one of the few re
maining men who figured prominently in
Los Angeles in the early days, died last
evening in the arms of his wife at the
Columbia Hotel on South Broadway.
SAN BERNARDINO'S MISTERY.
Futile Search for the liody of Missing
C. A. Wingfield.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 26.—
That C. A. Wingrield is dead seems certain
now. Judge Otis, in whose mines Wing
field had recently been working, has re
ceived a letter which indicates that Wing
field had determined to end his earthly
existence.
After some directions about business
affairs Wingfield penned the sentence, "I
intend to cross the Styx this even
ing." In another portion of the letter
Wingfield wrote: "It may b* a long time
before my remains are found." In a note
to the landlord of the hotel where he had
been stopping he wrote : "I intend to cross
the great divide this evening."
The last seen of Wingfield was when he
got off the Harlem motor. Yesterday and
to-day parties have been out searching the
foothills and the wash of th* Santa^Ana
Rver, but Wingneld's body has not been
found.
Wingfield was a native of England. He
came to Sao Bernardino several years ago
and was reputed to be wealthy. He in
vested largely in real estate and built the
motor line to Harlem Springs. All his in
vestments proved unprofitable. For a
time he received remittances from Eng
land, but they ceased some months ago.
Wingfield was a man 1 of education and
personally popular with everybody.
SEATTLE MAN'S DISCOVERY.
Nitro-Glycerine Fired From a Cannon
Without Danger to the
Gunners.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 28.— The Chi
nese Government, through its San Fran
cisco Consul, is investigating a new ex
plosive invented by ex-Police Commis
sioner Manning of this city.
Mannin» claims he has a process where
by nitro-glycerine may be fired from a
cannon without danger to those doing the
firing. He asserts that he has fired nitro
glycerine from a shotgun at three stumps,
and that the stumps were demolished py
the explosion. Nitro-glvcerine can be dis
charged through the medium of a cannon
with proportionately greater results.
Senator Squire recently brought the
matter to the attention of the United
States Government, and the Chinese Gov
ernment has authorized Ching Gee Hea of
Seattle to deal with Manning.
SANTA ROSA COMMENCEMENT.
Twenty-Sine Xoung People Graduate
From the High School.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 26.— Th*
commencement exercises of the Santa
Rosa High School were held In the Athen
a;um to-night. Twenty-nine young peo
ple graduated and the exercises were
of unusual merit. Diplomas were pre
sented by R. C. Moodey. president of the
Board cf Education, to Frank Anderson,
Reuben Berry, Bessie Bizzini, Walter
Body, Ed Bremner, H j tty Claypool, John
Coghlan, Kate Connolly, James Craig, Al
pheus Eveleth, Bessie French, Herbert
Gates. Beu Hall, EdythHoag, Flora Klaus,
Allen B. Lemmon Jr., Gertrude Long
more, Kate Meyer, Ida Moodey, Frank
Mulgrew, OlneyPeditro, Theodore Prince,
Jessie Robertson, Lester Seawell, Louis
Seawell, John Steele, Lucieu S. Sweet,
Allison Ware, William Wirt.
PACIFIC GROVE'S GUESTS
Women of the Summer School
Discuss the Growth of
Crime.
Planning Methods to Protect the Home
From the Sec urge of Vicious
Influences.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., June 26.— The
school of methods of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union held an afternoon
session, at which an able address on
"Penology" was delivered by Mrs. A. B.
Gove of Oakland. She gave some alarm
ing statistics of crime taken from the
United States Census Bureau, showing
that while in 1850 there was one prisoner
to 3000 people, there was now one prisoner
to every 500, not to speak of the criminal
element not incarcerated, which is a con
tinual menace to society.
The prisons, she said, were filled with
young men, not always from the slums,
but often from good families, who have
fallen first into bad company, then into
bad habits, and then into crime and the
prisons. The question was: Whose boys
should fill the prisons? Saloons, brew
eries and distilleries were multiplying.
These were the mills which manufactured
criminals. What should be done with
these mills?
Many young men were drawn into crime
through the low standard of social purity
that prevailed, and some through ienor
ance. It was a grave question, What
should be done for these young men?
Wnat care should be given the convicted
prisoner? What should be done with the
discharged criminals? What could be
done for women convicts when dis
charged? The difficulties in the way of
their reform were discussed and many
practical suggestions made.
A symposium on press work was given,
bringing out much of interest. One speaker
advanced the thought that we were all
responsible for the influence of the papers
we paid for.
One woman told of having stopped
a morning paper in her family be
cause of its attitude on reform measures,
and invested the cost of it in reform pa
pers and periodicals instead. The value
of the printed page was duly enlarged
upon and full credit given to the effect of
newspapers which had been friendly to
reforms.
Miss Severance delivered a popular
lecture to-night.
A reception will be given to the women
in attendance at the school of methods at
El Carmelo Hotel to-morrow evening.
Many strangers from all parts of the
country are here.
HAS MOT LIVED IN PASADENA.
Butcher Dunham of Campbells Not the
Bigamist of Four Years
Ago,
PASADENA, Cal., June 26.— N0 cre
dence is given the report sent from Pasa
dena to the effect that James C. Dunham,
the Campbells butcher, was once a resi
dent of this city. The statement that Dun
ham is the man who married Pearl Bal
lard here four years ago and was found to
have been a bigamist when he deserted
her scon afterward, is denied by M. 8.
Ballard, a brother of the deserted woman.
John C. Dunham was the bigami>t's
name. When the county was startled by
the news of the Campbells murder. Mr.
Ballard, noting the similarity of names,
sent for pictures of the butcher. When
they arrived he was at once enabled to
state positively that the Campbells Dun
ham was not the one who wronged his
sisier.
RUTING OWN PLAN MINES.
English Capital Pouring Into the Cari
boo, Country.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 26.— Former
British West Australian investors are send
ing millions of dollars to British Columbia
for investment. They are tumbling over
one another to get the best propositions.
Yesterday a mine in Yale, assaying not
much over $3 to the ton, was sold to the
West Australia Mining Company of Lon
don, Eng.. for $100,000, and $100,000 was
offered for the .Lillooet mine, near Van
couver, that had been bought a month
before for $30,000.
In the past month hundreds of thou
sands of English pounds have gone into
the historic Cariboo. The Britishers will
not look at claims unless big prices are
asked ior them. Tney will then taki them
or leave them alone, according to the ad
vice of their experts, who receive as a
reward for being honest a salary aa high
as $100 a day.
Five thousand almost penniless pros
pectors are looking for gold in the Koote
nai country. They hang on until their
"grub stake" is gone, then make room for
others.
Shipping Ilnyward* fruit.
HAYWARDS, Cal., June 26. — The
fruit-growers will begin to ship apricots
East to-morrow, on account of the low
prices offered by the canneries. Last year
the canners went to the growers, but this
year they are waiting for the growers
to offer their fruit to them. It is the inten
tion to snip the fruit East every Saturday.
SHE APPRECIATES
MAN'S JUSTICE,
Women Ratify Suffrage
Planks in Party
Platforms.
A ROUSING MEETING.
C. M. Shortridge Speaks on
Behalf of the Republicans
of the State.
MAGUIRE FOE THE DEMOCRATS
Cator Represents Populism— Brilliant
Ladies in E oquent and Pointed
Addresses.
At the ratification meeting last night of
the woman's suffrage plank for the State
constitution Metropolitan Temple was
crowded even into the aisles. The faces
rose in terraces to the ceiling. All were
interesting and interested, and being
mostly women, were, of course, handsome.
Men were also very largely in evidence
and they were interested, too. There were
plenty of flowers and color, and more
enthusiasm.
The twentieth century woman is rapidly
acquiring political ways. She knows how
to apDlaud, and the meeting last night
proved that she is also learning the cam
paign yell.
All eyes were turned to the stage. There
sat the president of the meetm?, the ven
erable and revered Susan B. Anthony, and
upon her right hand and upon her left
were other wo man suffrage leaders of Na
tional and State reputation.
Among others on the ptatform, in addi
tion to the speakers, were Mr. and Mrs.
James Kennedy, Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Ken
nedy, Mr. and Mrs. Aylett, Mr, and Mrs.
8. W. Holladay, Major and Mrs. Grosbeck,
Captain and Mrs. Krebs, K. J. Wiilatts,
Miss Korris, Mrs. Norton, Judge and
Mrs. Murphy, Miss Mary Crowley,
Mrs. Nellie L. Scoville, Jolin Jay Scoville,
Charles H. tJlinn, George T. .Bromley,
Mrs. T. V. Cator, A. T >V. Thompson, Carle
ton H.Johnson, Mrs. Arthur D. Thomson,
A. B. Kinne, E. M. Wardail, Mr. and
Mrs. George D. Gillespie, Mr. and Mrs.
Aylett R. Cotton, Mrs. E. 0. Smith, Major
Kyle Frank McGovern, E<i Kingsley, Gen
eral and Mrs. W. S. Green. Mrs. Ida 0. Haz
lett of Colorado, Addie L. Ballou, presi
dent of the Woman's State Republican
Club; and Elizabeth Sloper.
Mrs. Sargent, president of the State
Woman's Suffrage Association, called the
meeting to order, congratulated tne audi
ence on its large numbers and introduced
Miss Anthony, president of the National
Woman's Suffrage Association, as the
president of the occasion. Mis^s Anthony
said she accepted the chairmanship of so
grand a meeting and occasion with pleas
ure.
She said that never in its history had
the outlook of the cause of woman's suf
frage been so full of promise, in ever be
fore were woman-suffrage planks in the
platforms of all the parties. She irave the
Republican party credit for being the first
to indorse it, and that meant that the
party would work for it.
Then she thanked in turn the People's
and Pronibition parties of the State. She
said even the action of the Democratic
party was a long step forward. "We have
had resolutions fail in many other States,"
she said, "but we have the great State of
California with us. So we have asked you
to meet and rejoice with us to-night." "
Miss Anthony was roundly applauded,
and so were all the speakers.
The audi nee arose to its feet and joined
in the singing of "America," led by the
creat pipe organ.
Miss Anthony introduced as the next
speaker the Rev. W. R. Goodwin as the
representative of the Prohibition party.
He said that par y was the first to indorse
woman's suffrage.
"New converts see which way the tide
is running, and they are coming along
with it. They must do so if they want
the offices," be said, indulging in a little
pleasantry. "All the old parties will be
courting the women as well as the Irish
and the Germans, for their votes. The
victory for woman's suffrage is sure to
come. We who are young expect to live
till we see on the statutes of every State a
law declaring that a woman is as good as
a man."
Miss Mollie Connor, editor of an Oak
land paper, in a short address said that
the new plank for the constitution meant
the introduction of a new element in the
government of the State. The American
woman was about to play ncr just part in
life.
"It is the women of the West who ought
to begin this movement. We are espe
cially fond of the men of our own State,
and particularly of native sons. How can
the West be helped in the hard times?"
s.e inquired. "Let the men put in their
platform equality fur women. A man to
make his home and business more pros
perous must make his nation prosperous.
Let ua try a new policy, even if ii is the
silver policy; but above all let us have the
influence of women in KOvernment. "
E. L. Kingsley, for the socialistic labor
party, said in an energetic speech that
since its beginning that party has had
woman's suffrage. One of its cardinal
principles was equality. "We demand
equal rights for all and special privileges
for none," he said, "and that is why we
demand the ballot for woman."
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, president of the
Campaign Association, said:
"Many gentleman friends have asked
me why I have taken up woman's suf
frage. Because the logic of my experience
has shown here that I* cannot do my dnty
to this commonwealth unless I have the
ballot."
Miss Mabel Holbrook here entertained
the audience with a violin solo.
Thomas V. Cator spote for the Popu
lists. "I am for woman's suffrage," he
said. "Woman should have a voice in the
land. The woman has the same oppor
tunity to form public opinion that man
has, and as laws are but public opinions
she should be given ber full opportunity
in making them. The grand ideal, the
divine ideal, will be quicker realized with
the equal ri hts of the sexes, and to that
declaration do I stand forever faithful."
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn, referring to
their National president, said that, like
Grant, she would fight it out, if it took all
summer, for enfranchisement of women.
"When I say tnat we shall achieve a vic
tory in November, I mean that we shall if
the men of the old parties stand by the
platforms of their parties, all of which
have indorsed equal enfranchisement,
with one exception."
In introducing Charles M. Shortridge
Miss Anthony said: "The Call speaks for
all, and, of course, for women." His
speech was well received and frequently
interrupted by applause. Mr. Shortridge
spoke substantially as follows:
"What is more natural than that the
Republican party should once more de
clare for lioerty? It was the first to de
clare ior liberty, it was born fighting for
lioerty, and, ray friends, lam proud it is
my privilege to stand before you in favor
of the principle of woman's right to vote.
"I am not insensible of the fact," he con
tinued, "that lam here to speak for my
party — that party which I followed long
before I even knew why, with my father
in Indiana and lowa, when he was making
a campaign for Lincoln. It was there I
had the privilege with a baby's hand to
call a meeting to order while my father
pleaded for liberty, for that saint and
martyr, the liberator of a million slaves,
Abraham Lincoln. I have followed it ever
since.
"I appear here to-night," Mr. Short
ridge said, "to pledge the Republican
party, so far as my voice and influence go,
in favor of woman's suffrage. It has been
said of me that I was the first to declare
for this movement in a great metropolitan
newspaper. Ido not claim any credit for
that. It was high time that some news
paper came out for it. It was not done
to popularize my newspaper. I have
heard that it has been said it would not De
popular, but it has been popular. If the
Republican party did not declare for it as
a iiiaHer of principle, and not to catch
votes, I would not be here to spe^k for it.
"The Democratic party," he declared,
"absolutely disgraced itself when it re
fused to allow the debate of woman's suf
fiage on the floor of the State Convention.'
The speaker paid a tribute to Judge Ma
guire on his fidelity to the cause of women,
and said fie was unpurchased and unpur
chasablc in his stand for the cause in and
outsiie the Democratic convention. The
only fault he could find with Maguire was
that he is a Democrat.
Continuing, he said : "My friends, we
want to carry this campaign. I want my
mother, wife and sister to have votes,"
and he facetiously added that he might
have three votes in the coming
election. " I indorse the move
ment in the interest of purity
and of liberty of conscience. Every church
in California should make it its business to
have meetings in favor of woman's suf
frage. I believe that the Methodist Gen
eral Conference finally voted to admit
women. Few women were there, and they
declined to vote. It is high time all the
churches mad« this their cause. The
church of California should take up this
question. I appeal to the great church
element of California, and I have a right
to — to stand up for the constitutional
amendment in favor of women.
"I am proud oi being in this fight," he
went on, "for no other reason man that j
sister of mine who practices in the Su- j
prenie Court of this State— to grant to her •
all the privileges I have. You are deny- j
ing her a right which she is entitled to.
"I believe the people of the State of Cali
fpmU will carry this amendment," Mr. j
Shortridge said. "In the name of this j
great State, which is great in everything, !
and should be greater in morals, I pledge
•you I will stand by you to success or
defeat."
Amid the prolonged applause that fol
lowed Mr. Shortridge was presented with j
a large bouquet of California blossoms.
Miss Elizabeth Yates of Maine, who has
spoken in fifty out of the fifty-seven coun
ties of this State, said that conservative
Eastern colleges are opening their doors to
women. "The Democratic party is a little
old-fashioned," she said, "but there are
men in it of mind and thought, and our
Democratic friends will save the day if it
is a close election, but it is not going to he
a close election. We shall have 60,000
majority." She received a bouquet.
Hon. James G. Maguire spoke as a '
Democrat. He congratulated the woman's
suffrage movement on the grand demon
stration and meeting of the evening. "I !
reerret I am not here to speak for the Dem
ocratic party, but I am here to speak
as a Democrat, because I believe
in its principles. The convention deemed
the woman's suffrage plank inexpedient,
but a good body of Democrats will do their
duty on the amendment. No man or
woman has a right to rule another — they
are equal. There is no denying that the
principle of the ballot for man applies
equally to woman. I shall support amend
ment No. XI. Experience proves its ex
pediency. I believe your cause will tri
umph."
Senator McGowan of Humboldt County
made an excellent speech, in which he
said with woman's suffrage the State
would have better institutions and better
laws.
Rev. Anna Shaw received an ovation
when she was introduced. She addressed
the ladies present as "fellow-ciiizens." She
saiil that if there was any significance in
smiles they would have the Democratic
women on their side in November.'
NEW TO-DAT.
Per** Gail Border.
mfant Eagle Brand
Food Condensed Milk
"Infant Health," is a little book of
frreat value that is sent Free on appli-
cation.
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, Hew York
£ y ~ • ■ . **
i PLUG' I
© Tobacco Dealers say, that §
§ "BATTLE AX" is a "scorcher" 8
©because it sells so fast* Tobacco®
S Chewers say, it is a " scorcher be- X
$ cause 0 cents t worth goes so far* It's «
II as good as can be made regardless of S;
X cost For JO cents you get almost 1$
ly twice as much as you do of other S
?tfegh grade brands* i\
- • ■ ■ . ■ -■"■ ■ ■■-■ ...
UIIOLi 9 uit your com "
nUuil P lainin & ? cease
ll¥ " your gloomy fore-
lIIIOIJ bodings. Rerrem-
Hl l \ H ber there is ap( wer
1 1 UVJ I ■ to solace you in your
11 II A II distresses and to
MglvU make a good bit of a
II UO I I man out of your now
weak, immature
UHvU bod y- VVho can tell,
nUuil perhaps the li tie
spark of life now eft
110 L in your poor shat '
nljAn tered, nervous f ratie
ii WWII can be beaten and
|J 1 1 nII made to glow and
nil Nil return y° ur true
lIUVII manly vigorousness.
11 11 AII You must remember
rhIKH that the one grand
1 1 UU 1 1 remedio - treatment
LHIQU isthegreat
hush Hudyan,
UIiOIJ
LI OH Tbis n* wlv discovered
specific stops premature-
mamms * ■■ ness of the" discharge in
iOI twenty days. Cures Lost
nBI A II Manhood, Varicocel?. Hy-
lIWVII drocele, Inflammations,
Pimples, Drains, Neuras-
X1 1 if\ 1 thenia and diseases
Ul l V U brought on by abuse. You
UU H should make an effort to
I■** w ■ ■ be cured. If you wish to
learn more" about the
IO L Hudyan cures call or
nUon witefor
: -HUDYM CIRCULARS— :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW
Pimples.
Copper-colored spots.
Sore mouth.
Sore throat.
Falling hair.
Enlarged lumps. — —
Glandular lumps.
Skin eruptions.
Partial loss of eyebrows. —
Sore eyes.
When in this condition don't go to hot
springs — go to the old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
: blood •
: circulars :
FREE. :
CALL OR WHITE
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
42MRNYSI
IS THE VERY BKST ONE TO EXA3HNB
your eyes and lit tnem to spectacles and By*,
glasses with instruments of hn own invention
whose superiority has qoc been equaled, My tw
cms has been due 10 ttaa menu* of my wor*.
Uiiica Hours— l 2 to 4 1: m.
»y^&£Ay& » , FIFTY-DOLLAR
$PI|it|ELECTBIC BELTS
: Pyjm^Kff^^f V for 820, and 30 Belts
, :=^S^?av?v- for 16; alsogood belts for
' r W#f£ n yv>tiZA\*l $5. Latest patent and all
( '• s*v4f* * improvements. K3" Call
*J?fi : or write for new pamphlet
W No. 2. Address J>R.
! PIERCB & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
1 second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.MRS, CRAVEN WAS TOO ILL TO TESTIFY.
She Was Taken Sick on|
the Way to the Court
room.
BUT THE COURT WAITED
The Deeds Were Produced and
the Marriage Contract
Will Be.
GRAND JURY TAKES A HAND.
Recommendation to Be Made for the
Removal of the Teacher From
the School Department.
Judtr-J Slack had taken his Beat on the
bench, the lawyers were assembled, the
crowd that filled the courtroom waited
and whispered and wondered. Fifteen
The House at 823 Sntter Street Where the Marriage Contract Between Mrg.
-Nettie R. Craven and Senator Fair Was Drawn and Signed.
minutes passed and the witness, the
fieure around which all the interest cen
tered, had not appeared.
No one could explain it. Mr. Delmas,
who had taken his place at the table for
the first time in this proceeding as the I
leading counsel for the witness, shook his
head — he did not know. W. W. Foote
said be had just come from Oakland, had
not seen Mrs. Craven since the court ad
journed the evening before, and he did
not know.
The court grew impatient — demanded
that the business proceed.
George A. Knight said "No; this witness
is the soul of the proceeding. I want to
examine her at length. I prefer an ad
journment rather than the intervening of
any other witness."
He sat down and there ensued an awk
ward pause, which was broken into by the
unannounced entrance of the witness her- |
self. The crowd made way for her, and j
as she came through the gate from, the
lobby it became quite apparent why she
had kept the court waiting. She was very
pale. Just behind her came her daughter
Margaret and her constant friend, Mrs.
Haskins.
They took the seats reserved for them
near their counsel. There was a brief con
sultation, and then Mr. Foote rose and
explained that Mrs. Craven, on her way to
the courtroom, had become so ill that she
was taken to her physician. Mr. Foote
held and read a certificate from him stat
ing that Mrs. Craven was suffering from
an ailment such as would endanger her
life were she subjected to the excitement
incident to an examination upon the wit
ness-stand.
With this little speech the hopes of the
crowd for some repetition of the sensa
tional scenes of the night before died out.
Mr. Knight said, "We will abide by the
judgment of the court"
Mr. Delmas said, "There is no court
sitting here."
To this thrust no answer was made.
Mr. Knight called for the production of
the deeds recorded by Mrs. Craven, and
they were promptly produced — the deeds
to the Pine and Mission street property
already described. The deeds are written
in lead pencil.
Af+er an inspection by the attorneys for
the Fair children Mr. Knight asked that
the court take charge of them.
The court had no desire to assume the j
responsibility and, besides, the attorneys
for Mrs. Craven objected to having the
papers taken out of their possession. '
They promised to have them ready upon
any proper demand for inspection and the
matter was allowed to stand at that.
A call was made for the marriage con
tract also. Mr. Foote said he had advised
the lady to send for that to her friends in
lowa and she would do so.
•'And the letters?" insisted Knight.
"They will be forthcoming— all the
papers will. 1 speak for myself," said
Foote. "Mr. Delmas is nowhere. He can
answer for them finally."
"Every letter and paper purporting to
be written by the hand of James G. Fair
now in the possession or under control of
Mr 3. Craven will be produced here. We
have no reservations."
This was said in such quietly convinc
ing fashion that questioning ceased.
Then the cipher - book promised the
night before was called for and Margaret
Craven passed it over. George R. Williams
went on the stand and identified the little
red leather-covered book as containing a
cipher which has been used between him
self and Mrs. Craven fcrr communicating
on business matters by wire for the past j
eight years. He also produced a number of
the telegrams and was in the course of
translating them, when Mr. Delmas rose
up, placed his left elbow on the railing of
the clerk's desk, and remarked:
"This is the taking of testimony in the
contest of a will of James G. Fair, your
Honor. What have these telegrams to do
with it? Any communications from or
anything Mrs. Craven might say is hear
say."
Mr. Knight admitted that it was not the
time or place and suspended. Mr. Williams
promised to take good care of the copy
and his book, and have it when wanted.
With that the proceedings came to an end.
An adjournment was taken untii next
Friday morning.
But another embarrassing complication
for Mr?. Craven made its entry into tne
situation yesterday. The Grand Jury took
steps directed at the expulsion of Mrs.
Craven from the School Department. She
is now and has long been principal of the
Mission Grammar School.
School Director Scott will urge her dis
missal on the same grounds as does the
Grand Jury — that of the marriage contract
and its having been until now kept secret.
Mrs. Craven was apprised of this move
last night, and she said that so far from
giving way before it she will fight it to the
end.
Mr. Delmas, the senior counsel for Mrs.
Craven, will give his personal attention to
the case from this time. He has been pre
vented from doing so by the Parker will
case at San Jose, which has occupied his
time for six weeks past. In an interview
last evening Mr. Delmas said :
"There will no evasion of any issue in
this matter of Mrs. Craven's. I have ad
vised her to have no reservations. She
will tell all that the conditions demand
that she should tell as to her relations
with Mr. Fair. S!ie will produce the mar
riage contract and her letters and all other
papers that she may have in his hand
writing and tell all that there is to tell
about them.
"Stress is laid upon the repeated decla
ration that these circumstances are pe
culiar. Well, they are. Mrs. Craven says
that the manner in which the ink will
was taken from her at Chicago by a man
who she supposed came from her friends
was most peculiar.
"But so she says was the manner in
which the trust will was stolen from the
office of the County Clerk. That she says
was also most peculiar — the one no more
Fac* Simile of the Deed for the Property at Eleventh and Mission Streets Con
veyed by Senator Fair to Mrs. Nettie R. Craven.
[Reproduced from a photograph taken by "The Call" yesterday.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
so than the other. For her part, she will,
she says, tell the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth."
The deeds were photographed at the in-,
stance of Mr. Delmas yesterday and the
opposing counsel will be furnished with
a copy of them.
SpeaKing of the marriage contract yes
terday, Charles J. Heggerty of the counsel
for Charles D. Fair said: "It is not worth
the paper it is written on. The first neces
sary element to make such a contract
valid is publicity. The point was empha
sized by the Supreme Court in the Sharon
case. It was laid down as a principle that
a mere intention was not sufficient. The
! abode of one must be the abode of the
other; they must have been known pub
licly as man and wife. The secrecy
that Mrs. Craven-Fair declares was ob
served in their case— insisted upon, she
says, by Senator Fair — nullifies the con
tract in the eyes of the law."
It was 7:35 o'clock, five minutes past the
hour set, when Judge Slack last night
asked if counsel were ready to proceed in
the Craven-Fair will case.
Attorney Collins arose and addressed
the court, bf.geing his Honor's indulgence
for Mr. Knigat, who, he said, would be
present in a few moments.
On the bench with Judge Slack sat
Judge Bridgeford of Colusa.
At 7:40 o'clock Knight, with an apology
on his lips as he advanced, took his seat.
He was sorry, he said, to have kept the
court waiting, and was duly excused.
Mrs. Craven-Fair was called to take
the stand, but she was absent. The court
asked if some other witnesses could not
be put on, but Knight objected, saying he
had reasons for wishing to go on with the
testimony of Mrs. Fair at this time. An
other wait, marked with impatience on
the face of counsel and spectators alike,
ensued.
After allowing another ten minutes to
go by, Judge Slack again suggested that
some other witness be examined, but
Knight declared he would rather take an
adjournment than break the continuity of
Mrs. Craven-Fair's testimony.
On the Judge remarking that there was
possibly some misunderstanding on the
part of the absent witness, VV. W. Foote
stated that he had just come over from
Oakland, and had not seen Mrs. Craven-
Fair yesterday, but that the understand
ing at adjournment on Thursday night
was that the witness should be in court at
7:30 o'clock last night.
At this juncture Mrs. Craven-Fair, ac
companied by her daughter and Mrs.
Haskins, entered. A paper was handed
Mr. Foote, and be stated to the court that
it was a doctor's certificate, to the effect
that Mrs. Fair was suffering from an ail
ment which would endanger her life if she
were compelled to undergo the strain of
being subjected to an examination.
Judee Slack then asked if the documents
askedlor had been brought into court, and
Mr. Foote informed the court that they
were not in the City, but had been sent for
and would be here and be produced in
court in due time.
Here D. M. Delma > arose and declared,
"There is no court here."
But his challenge to the Judge who pre
sided over the court was allowed to go by
unnoticed.
A demand for the deeds filed last week
by Mrs. Fair's attorney was made by the
court, but while the opposing counsel
were permitted to inspect them for about
ten minutes Delmas and Foote objected to
their being placed in evidence and in cus
tody of the court. Photographic copies of
them, however, were promised for the
next sitting of the court.
Judge Slack suggested that when an ad
journment wastaTken the case go over until
the latter part of next week, so as to per
mit of day sessions being held. There was
a consultation amone the counsel and it
was mutually agreed to postpone further
hearing until Thursday next at 11 a. m.,
with the understanding that if Mr. Delmas
was unable to be present owing to other
engagements, the matter should go over
until the following day.
Knight created renewed interest in the
hitherto dull proceedings by suddenly ad
dressing Mrs. Fair. He said: "Last night
we asked for the cipher-book. I will ask
Mrs. Fair if she has it now."
This referred to the key to the cipher
telegiams which passed between Mrs. Fair
and her representatives here during her
journey to and from New York to bring
here the will which was in the East.
Mrs. Fair promptly replied: "I have
the Bame one."
"I would ask that it be produced."
It was handed him and he said he would
put it in the custody of the court.
Foote objected to allow the book to go
out of the possession of his client, and
Knicht, as a counter move, called Stephen
Roberts to the stand.
His first question was, "Do you reside in
San Francisco?"
"Yes, sir," responded the witness.
"What book is that?" (Referring to
the icpher book handed him by Mrs.
Fair).
"It is a cipher book."
"Telegraph cipher?"
"Telegraph cipher."
"By whom was it used?"
"Used between Mrs. Craven and myself."
"For how lone a period of time?"
"Perhaps eight or nine years."
"When did you first begin to use it?"
"I think about eight years ago."
"And you have used it how long?"
"We used it for a month or two, and
then not for two or three years."
"Did Mrs. Fair ever use that cipher?"
"Yes, sir."
"Do you remember the night Mrs. Fair
went East?"
"I think it was the 25th of February,
1895."
"Did you go a portion cf the way with
her?"
"As far as Sacramento."
"Did you use the cipher in telegraphing
to her while she was on her way East?"
"I think I sent a telegram to her at
Ogden and then to Denver."
"Any other places?"
"None other."
"On her way back to Ban Francisco did
you telegraph her by cipher?"
"I did."
"What was the object in telegraphing
her in cipher?"
"To keep other people from knowing
what I was telegraphing to her."
Delmas interrupted to ask if the witness
had copies of the telegrams.
Roberts said he had, and produced a
batch of them.
Knight continued : "What was the first
dispatch you received from Mrs. Fair after
she started to go to New York?"
Roberts picked out a message and read
as follows:
"Carlin, Nev., June 26.
"Everything going all right."
He explained that this was addressed to
George R. Williams, the attorney of Mrs.
Fair.
Delmas again took a hand. Addressing
the court, he said :
"This I understand to be testimony
tak<>n in the contest of the will of James
G. Fair. Ido not understand that any
deposition made by Mrs. Craven is part of
the evidence."
Knight smilingly acknowledged his erro
neous method of procedure, saying: "I
don't insist on thi.* question. I admit this
is not the right way to go about it."
Then, addressing the witness, he asked :
"You have got the telegrams and you will
copy them, will you?"
Roberts agreed to do so.
A discussion arose as to who should have
the custody of the cipher-Dook. Knight
suggested that Russell Wilson take it and
decipher the secret messages by its aid,
but Delmas objected, as he did not thinit
it right, he said, to have Mr. Roberts' pri
vate business matters made known to the
world, as would be the case if a copy of the
cipher-book were made by Mr. Wilson as
proposed by Mr. Knight in the course of
the discussion. It was finally agreed that
Mr. Roberts should transcribe all the
cipher telegrams and bring them into
court with the cipher- book.
Adjournment was taken until Thursday,
July 2, at 11 a. m.
Garret McEnerney, who was absent
Thursday night, though subpenaed, was
called up by Judge Slack to De sworn on
the request of Mr. Delmas. McEnerney
explained his absence Thursday by saying
he had urgent engagements on that night
with Mr. Heggerty. Mr. Pierson and Mr.
Mitchell. He denied a report which he
Fac-Similc of the First Part of Deed for the Property at the Corner of Pine and
Sansome Streets Conveyed by Senator Fair to Mrs. Nettie R. Craven.
[Reproduced from a photograph taken by "The Call" yesterday. J
Fac Simile of the Close of Deed for the Pine aad Sansome Streets Property,
Showing Senator James G. lair's Signature.
[Reproduced from a photograph taken by "The Call" yesterday.]
said had come to his notice that he had
defied the power of the court and had said
he would not attend in response to the
subpena. His excuse was accepted, and
another act of the great Fair drama was
over.
HER POSITION IN DANGER.
The Grand Jury and President Hen
ry T. Scott in Favor of Mrs.
Craven's Suspension.
The foreman and other members of the
Grand Jury have been requested to review
the testimony given by Mrs. Nettie Craven
in Judge Slacs's court Thursday night
and consider whether her career as a
teacher in the public schools of San Fran
cisco should terminate. The subject was
not presented to the jury in the form of a
written communication, but the foreman
was orally urged to take steps to secure
her resignation or retirement.
Mrs. Cr,aven must prepare to meet
trouble shortly elsewhere than in the
courtroom.
At the last meeting of the Board of Edu
cation President Henry T. Scott broached
the matter of her removal, but at that
time the feeling of the other members of
the board was so strongly in favor of Mrs.
Craven, owing to her unusual ability as a
principal, that Mr. Scott deemed it advisa
ble not to press the point at that time.
Speaking of the matter yesterday he ex
pressed himself in emphatic and unmis
takable language.
"There is to be a special meeting of the
Board of Education on Tuesday night for
the purpose of paying salaries, but any
other business can, of course, be taken
up. Should the case of Mrs. Craven not be
considered then, it will probably come up
the second Wednesday in July — at our
next regular meeting.
"An interesting point is that since the
date of her alleged marriage to Senator
Fair, should that marriage be established,
she was improperly drawing salary as a
school principal. At the time of her mar
riage there was a rule of 'the board that no
teacher who married while in the service
of the department should b« allowed to re
tain her position, and it would be a nice
legal question now to see whether she was
entitled to her salary since that time. That
rule was rescinded about a year ago.
"It is true we have no puwer to dis
charge any teacher without a formal
charge having been made and a trial ac
corded the accused, but there is nothing to
prevent her beine suspended pending such
a trial, and I lor one am heartily in favur,
of such a course. I consider it a very bad
example, not only to the other teachers,
but the girl pupils attending the schools,
to permit her to retain her position."
Sorrow and imiignation manifested
themselves in Mrs. Craven-Fair's tones
Continued on Ninth Page.
THE EMPORIUM. 1 THE EMPORIUM.
DO YOU EVER TAKE MEDICINE?
PRESCRIPTIONS HERE, 25c.
One of the most complete Dispensaries in the West. <A uni-
form charge of 25c for your Prescription, unless some rare and
costly drug is ordered, when cost to us will be charged to you.
SAN FRANCISCO, JUNE 27, 1896. \ .
WE SELL GOODS TO-NIGHT.
Below a few of the Specials for to-day's shop-
pers and the full program of the Grand Concert at 8
P. M. by the EMPORIUM Orchestra, under the fa-
mous leader, Mr. J. Marquardt '
Applique Border Wash program.
Veils 48c. SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 8 p. M.
35 dozen Pretty Applique Border ,„, "Lv/c,"*- 'n r rb
Wash Veils in very choice patterns, '• ™™ ' ££•£?* -"•- /W
bought to sell at 7 5C. Offered to-day 2 ' Overture, The Thwnng mag-
and until sold at 48c each. c te 4 —7 ••'••■• ■•■••-■•■•tiosstm
.. — .»/... ~ M 3. Selection from .Cbassaigne
NeW TuxedO VeilingS, 24C 4. Waltz, "Tales From the Saxon .
a Yard ' Forest" Fetras
cf*i a '"' .1- . 5. Fatttasie, "Carmen" Bizet
125 pieces of Chenille Spot Tuxedo . PJIRT II
Veilings, varied assortment of d . Overture," The 'Black Domino"
meshes, full 18 inches wide, price - v .- . \Auber
On KTI 4 T a D yard. C r^ 41 ; 7- Trombme's"oio"'"Amme'er> ; ...
JUST RECEIVED a direct im- Schubert
portation of all the latest "get ups" .........~^...~..~.~........
in Veiling, among which are the new 5> -Potpourri, "Musical 'Curiositv
Honiton and Applique Border effects Shop" ' Scher?
in black, cream, etc. More than ioo 9 .'^T r ipt^GrZtTriialn'\....
new styles to select from. i m # .Loescb
; .Ladies' Neckwear. 10. (Medley onVopular Songs..... "Beyer
Gauge and Chiffon Neck Ruches, jdf "\
now so popular, in an almost endless jdjjjfiSs^r ffljfei
variety of styles and color effects, $!!$&&
no two alike— 9SC, 51.13, $1.38, $1.68. /miM&&2k. 3^^Mau
Point de Venice Collarettes in but- • . //fflSfmWPv - --ffiyfl?JlsBl\
ter color, exquisite designs at 98c, ■ 'Ils^S^^f^Ji^^^^\
Marquis Collars in ecra and linen \vß3m\\l/'J)
effects, imDorted especially for the IBobSml K****"^ /
EMPORIUM.: Special prices $1.95 jgMmfl / \H\\
Dresden Silk Blouse Fronts with jfißw Il° 1 ' Hftl
Velvet and Lace Insertion, $2 each. |Rra j ©K]T MM
Ladies' Handkerchiefs. JJHf uT | ]^mi
45 dozen Ladies' Plain Hemstitched \U^m fA Ijf^^^nl
Handkerchiefs, worth 6 1-3 C, at 4c \wß& I/W \ I^^ctmßiH
168 dozen Fancy .Hemstitched IJ&fif^ \l\ .
Handkerchiefs, embroidered in neat iilßLv 11 \ \
162 Swiss Scalloped and Embroid- V^lin \
ered Handkerchiefs, all new designs, Im I \ (. fl Hi
a 15c value. Special at 10c each. lVIP*il! 1 I j^^HHl •
Stitch, lace edge, our regular 25c \!|111|1| fa \ |
A Great Ribbon Special |||| M 1 WSij
2000 yards All - Silk Dresdens, \ltfgri|| )>
Stripes and Beautiful Ombre Effects, \?i Bf\\ J ;
in 40c and 45c values. On Saturday \!^^fe>-^_J^sS^"M ml
• We are showing all the latest crea- N^i
tions in Parisian and Vienna Fans — v^HT
Black Grounds, Dresden Sprays, etc. V^S^* Jftjjfai^
Prices, 38c, 48c, 58c, 68c 9 8c'to $12 Nothi in these suits but a ,,. w00l
each A special line of handsomely fb ■ s g bstantial linings and first .
panted Black Mousselme Fans on class trimmings . If the suits suit
sale at 24c eacn. you 2-4 - w jh suit us to-day, no
Saturday Sale Of longer. They are sack suits, single
\j pn v fliitinn Shirt*; and double breasted, in fancy black
Men S Uuting . cheviot and blue or black clay worsted.
500 dozen Men's Fine Sateen and They were made for the opening sale
Royal Twill Outing Shirts, 36 inches i o f THE EMPORIUM, to be used as
long, with yokes and ample cut; reputation-builders at $15 and $16.50
regular price $1, for this special sale a suit. , They are precisely what we
45c each. ■ advertise them to be ; nothing more —
Special Saturday Sale nothing less.
Men's Percale Shirts. | Boys' $3.95 All-Wool
At 65c each— We offer again this Combination Suits.
Saturday 500 Men's French Percale Knee-Pants Suits for boys 4to 14
Shirts, the $1 quality, for 65c. Some years of age, including an extra pair
with separable collars and cuffs, some o f pants and a cap to match. An ex-
the Stanley style. ceptional value at $5.
At $1.25 each— Men's Fine French We can give you a choice of five
Percale Shirts, open back and front, \ different colors, in small checks and
novelty patterns, beautifully laun- mixtures, in a good, substantial, all-
dered; price elsewhere $1.50 each. wool tweed material. Just the thing
At $1.35 each— Men's FinestQual- for an everyday country suit,
ity French Percale Shirts, six wide ; M ,„ nan+c -- r
pleats in bosom, the newest and nob- Men S raniS, /DC.
biest patterns and color effects; sold These are the famous Ironclad
elsewhere at 5i. 75. - Pants, guaranteed not to rip, in light
NOTE— These goods are made in or dark stripes. Why wear overalls
our own factory by San Francisco I when THE EMPORIUM offers you
men and women, and guaranteed as I a good-looking pair of pants at such
to fit, quality and style. 1 an absurdly low price? \
A Twentieth J&9 Address all Mail Order
•> Communications Mail
Century ffissLs> Order De P artment
\J% 10^ Market Street,
*J*S^ San Francisco, Cal.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
■-^:x?i-\ FIREPROOF, • *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.  : -v
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths .
£00 unites, 2 to 7. rooms each, with private baths*
10 : i nvtesfrom business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson River-
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service, unequalled anywhere in
America. . '
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. "L ' to 6Cth st, or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, S3 up.' Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New York. W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr. '
WM. NOBLft, Fropr. • '
S"WAJr.3XP!S
TN .RESPONSE TO TKK DEMANDS MANY
J. of our patrons we have concluded to establish |
a "Table d' Hole" dinner, beginning Thursday, June I
25, from 5 to 8 p. m., the price of which will be fl.
. The high standard of excellence that we have so
carefully preserved lor so many years will recom-
mend this new feature to the public.
SWAIN BROS..
Props. Swain Restaurant, 213 Suiter.-
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXEY-A.T-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st, oppp.
awe Palace Hotel. Telephone 57tt i Besideno* ltUd
ieiiw. . Telephona; "f iaa" 2591. ■:..■-
-MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
NEURALGIA.
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS,
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with Us hydrants.
' Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
propose to erect on the seawall, between- Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lying in the stream
will be Informed at the above office, a: the time of
making such applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable
notice must be given In all cases, and applications
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 v. m. daily, Sundays ami
holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors.
- ; .» .;-■ PELHAM \V. AMES, Secretary.
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds.
mREASrRKR'S OFFICE, CITY AND COCNTY
i of San Francisco, June 17, 1896.
Holders of Dupont-street bonds issued under an
act of the State Legislature entitled, '-An act to
authorize ■ the widening of Dupont street. In the
City of San Francisco," adopted March 23, .1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for surrender '. of j said
i bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at,
I his office. In the New City Hall, San Francisco,
i until 12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June 30,
1896.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said bonds Is about three hundred and seventy-five
I thousand dollars ($375,000). Bidders will state
at what rate they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered.
Bids to be Indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. C. WIDBfiK, /
City and County Treasurer.
PCfciebeater'* En«U»h Diamond Krmnd. ,
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_<£~V ■ -' Original «nd Only Genuine. .-A
y-J>TMSV •*'«. alway* reliible. ladies uk «V
r^S\ V^« Dr»«gt»t for Ckichciter * E»gli4\ Dia- >>\\
(V^ftfrTjfr. P to Ke4 and Paid mct*l!lc\sJ§7
*£y _^>OMboxcg, sealed with bias ribbon. Take YBr •
J*S übjno other. B'f»4» dzngtrou* nibttifi- v
I* I — "" lion* and imitations A t Draggitt*, or Mod 4a.
I («. .Jt in lUoip* for particular!, tenlnooialn and
V "©• & "K«llef for L«4ie»," in Inter, by return
A . If MalL iO,«O<» Testlamial*. Same Paper.
V — - rcklchc*t*rCicaacolC». ) H»dUo<»;<,«.^
If VIM Drottiiu. PklUd>. rZ
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. _^
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Call, one rear, by mail — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Caia, six mouths, by mail.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calx., three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cai/l, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Wisely Call, one year, by wall «. 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
to, it Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Tele phone ...V.:".' Maln-186»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street,
r*lepn«m« Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open nnttl 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street : open until 9:80 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street; open
until 9 o'clock.
8518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 JNinih street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 82, 34 Park *tow, New York CH^
DAVID M. I'OLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY ■_. . .777" rr.NE27, 1396
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PKESIDKXT—
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOR VlCtf-PKKSIOKN'T-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KI.KCTION KUTEHBEB 3, 1896.
This is the day you leave orders for The
{Sunday Call.
Register at once. If you begin waiting
you may wait too long.
There are evidences that even Wall
street is inclined to boom silver a little
just now. '
Wherever there is an intelligent work
ingman who needs work there is a worker
for McKinley.
Mr. Irish will not bolt the Democratic
party, but he professes to be willing to let
the party bolt him.
In trying to straddle Mr. Whitney has
let himself drop between the two stools
and finds himself floored.
Patriotism, protection and prosperity;
America against the world. That is the
battle-cry of the campaign.
To re-establish the era of prosperity we
must re-establish the legislation which |
made that prosperity possible.
Popular assurance of McKinley's elec
tion affects the stock market like an as
surance of the revival of trade.
It seems we are about to return to the
practice of calling prize-fights boxing
matches, and letting them go at that.
Republican organization is being rapidly
effected and those who wish to start even
with the procession had better join a club
at once.
Without protection American wages will
Boon sink to the European level, and the
comfort of the workingman's home will
vanish forever. "
The popular voice which called for the
nomination of Me Kin ley makes it certain
that the chief issue of tue campaign will
be the restoration of the McKinley tariff.
The attempt of the Democratic party to
evade the tariff issue by talking of free
silver will avail them nothing. The peo
ple are going to vote for work and wages.
Silver is rising in the stock market as
well as in politics and on Wednesday was
Bold in Wall street at 70 cents, being
»n advance of \% cents during the present
month.
The refusal of the Populists to combine
With Democracy means simply that the
American farmer has too much sound
sense to play into the hands of the British
free-trader.
California will never reach a complete
development until she manufactures her
raw material for home use and for export,
and she can never nope to do this and pay
good wages without protection.
Since England has appealed to us to as
sist in settling one of her quarrels with
Venezuela it seems clear the Monroe doc- !
trine has begun to get in its work in the
right place and with the right effect.
It is said a movement has been started
in Kentucky to repeal the Southern Pacific
charter, but after the experience of the
iast movement of that kind it is hard to
believe the present one will be much more
than a wiggle.
There is a probability the gold men at
Chicago will take a firm stand on Cleve
land's record as a platform, call them
selves the "regulars," take possession of
the party band-wagon and let the silver
men snort, kick, rear and bolt if they will.
In bis telegram of congratulations to
McKinley Senator Aldrich of Rhode Isl
and spoke the general sentiment of the
country in saying, "I believe the victory
will be bo emphatic that the policy we
contend for will be accepted without ques
tion for a generation."
The. number of young men and "first
voters" who are joining Republican clubs
is one of the most encouraging signs of
the times, inasmuch as it assures the prev
alence of protection sentiment, not for this
generation only, but for that which is now
rapidly coming to the front.
In 1860 HerscheJ V. Johnston of Georgia
ran for Vice-President as a Democrat on
the Douglas ticket, but his son this year
went to tit. Louis a Republican to vote for
McKinley. Thus does the South grow in
wisdom and virtue and the sons of this
generation prove themselves better than
their fathers. -
The freight-rate tariff of the Valley
road is not only lower than that of the {
Southern Pacific Company, but it has the j
further advantage to the shipper of abol
ishing altogether the switching charges
which the Southern Pacific Company
makes always vexatious and sometimes
extortionate. Truly for the people of the
Can Joaquin the better times are at hand.
REGISTER AND ORGANIZE.
The time has come for all Republicans,
for all protectionists, for all friends of
American industry, to prepare for the
coming campaign by putting themselves
in a position where they can be helpful
to the party and the cause from the first
stage of the canvass to the last. It is of
advantage to the party that as many men
as possible shall enroll themselves in the
Republican clubs and take part in the
j work of the canvass, and it is of the high
est importance that every member of the
party should register so as to be able to
vote. Tbe duties of Republicans at this
time, therefore, can be summed up in the
phrase, "Register and organize."
Every Republican should register as
soon as he can find time to go to the regis
tration office, and if he cannot find that
time very soon he should take it even at
the cost of some other occupation. There
can be no voting without registration. If
a man does not register he disfranchises
himself— deprives himself by his own
negligence of the rights of citizenship and
puts himself on a level with aliens, who
have no voice in the selection of pubiic of
ficials or in determining the course of pub
lic policies. The time allowed for regis
tration and the provisions for registering
are ample, provided citizens will attend
to it. If any one, however, delays, hesi
tates and postpones the performance of
the duty, he may be too late, and find him
self debarred from the privilege of voting
when election day comes round.
Under the law enacted by the last Legis
lature reeistration begins ICO days before
the general election and continues for sev
enty-five days. It began at the City Hall
on May 27 and will end August 3. The
fifth, day of precinct registration will close
Aueust 9 and that will be the end. In this
it will be seen that ample time is given for
all. It must be borne in mind, however,
i that in the later days there will be a rush
i at the registration office, and consequently
j the duty can be most easily performed by
| being performed promptly.
Having registered his name and secured
I the right of voting, the next step of the
j Republican should be to join some club
i convenient and congenial to him, and
j make ready to take an active part in the
campaign. Party organization is at all times
essential to party success but it was never
more so than at this time. Democracy
alone, Populism alone, or free Silverism
alone would be powerless against the pop
ular sentiment demanding protection, but
there is danger that these may combine
and by their joint and vociferous shout
ings confuse the minds of those whose po
litical opinions are not firmly founded on
great party principles or who may be igno
rant ol" tlie supreme importance to all
j classes of people of the immediate re-es
j tablishment of the protective tariff.
It will be a walk-over campaign if Re
■ publicans perform their political duties
promptly and with ardor. It will be a
hard fight, however, for the stalwart and
the loyal if the general mass of the party
should be affected by any indifference or
j carelessness. This fact should inspire
I every member of the party with a resolve
to do his share in arousing popular enthu
siasm and keeping the tariff issue to the
front in spite of Democratic dodges and
evasions. The real issue of the time is
j that of American industry against the
world. Every American home is con
cerned in the contest. The result will
virtually determine whether we are to have
free trade or protection for the rest of this
generation. Republicans and protection
ists should need no urging, but they must
not be too sanguine. Register and organ
ize.
PROTECTION DEMANDED,
After all is said and done, the fact re
mains that the platform of the Republi
can party always is an expression of the
best judgment of the majority of the rank
and file. It declares for what the people
want done and what they want left un
done. In the great heart of the majority
is always written what is best for the
country, and there is no turning away
from it. All a convention can do, if it
obeys the voice of the people, is
to give expression to their will
in a declaration of principles ana put in
motion the machinery that is to carry into
practical operation what they deem best
for the whole country. If cliques ever tried
to run counter to the will of tne people they
were short-lived, and if tbe commissioned
asrentß of the party ever failed through
trickery or ignorance to give full expres
sion of the sentiments of the people they
were repudiated.
The St. Louis convention was conspicu
ously under the influence of the majority
of the rank and file, and in selecting a
standard-bearer and formulating a plat
form it was simply working out the will of
the people. It is very true tbat all the
people were not fully satisfied, but the
strength of the Republican party is in a
cheerful acquiescence of all its members in
the work of the party as a whole. From
the foundation of the party the policy of
the rank and file ha 3 been to sink or swim
united.
So, when tbe majority commanded the
convention to make the tariff question
paramount to all others it at once became
the duty of every Republican who has the
best interests of the country at heart to
say, amen! No doubt very many be
lieved, and still believe, there are
other issues that are of equal if
not of more importance than the
tariff, but the majority thought otherwise
and has so declared itself. There is but
one safe road, therefore, for the party as a
whole and for its individual members to
go. It must be a united cry for protection
first and with an immovable determina
tion that whatever else may be good for
the country shall follow.
TWO DECLARATIONS.
The underlying principle of protection
is self-preservation. There is perpetual
strife between individuals and nations for
financial and commercial supremacy. It
matters not whether it be selfishness or
something else, the fact remains that man
by nature is inclined to not only gain ail
lie can, but protect that which be bas in
band and opportunities for more from in
fluences that are calculated to lessen the
one and circumscribe tbe otber. Man nor
nation can have industrial independence
if bis or its field of operation can be tres- i
passed upon at tbe will of any trespasser.
Mill, iactory nor farm can have a certain
value if all tbe world is free to undersell
at its own door tbat which it produces.
Tbere can be no independence of person or
property where there is not adequate pro
tection against whatever would tyrannize
the one or impair the stability of tbe other.
This very important fact was emphasized
by the founders of this nation when they
followed the declaration of American in
dependence of July 4, 1776, by a protective
tariff act on July 4, 1779.
He who denies that protection to the
people of the colonies and to their indus
tries against outside infringement upon
rights and interests which tney them
selves had acquired, knows very little
of the political and economic prin
ciple which incited them to rebel against
tbe mother country. Tbe tariff of July,
1779, was a declaration of American in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
dustrial, commercial, financial and agri
cultural independence, and without it the
declaration of July, 1776, would have
availed the people nothing. The great
ness of a nation lies in its commercial and
industrial strength, and its strength is
measured by the protection the nation
Rives to its commerce and industries.
Hence, the meaning of the "American
idea" is protection to each sovereign
against non- American or foreign individ
uals and agencies that are calculated to
impede him in his right to reap the full of
his effort There is nothing mysterious
or uncertain about the principle of pro
tection any more than there is in the
principle of political independence.
It was the fear of the industrial inde
pendence of the colonies more than their
political separation that made England
strugtfle so hard to retain jurisdiction over
them. Since their independence was rec
ognized by Great Britain no stone has
been left unturned by that conntry to
nullify the declaration of industrial inde
pendence by the adoption of free trade.
Free trade would give England commer
cial and financial supremacy, and not only
so, but so long as free trade prevailed the
United States would be in debt to her, and
since the debtor is always curtailed in in
dependence of action he is, in a sense, a
slave. Commerce is void of sentiment,
and has no conception of the meaning of
philanthropy. It fights always for the
supremacy of that nation which promotes
it, therefore in ratio to the protection this
country gives to it is this country's su
premacy established. This is all tnat pro
tection means and stands for. It is not
born of superstition, of sentiment, nor of
any religion, but of common business
sense and experience in commercial opera
tions.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
.lust by way of illustrating what Cali
fornians can do in that line The Call will
to-morrow present a full page of native
born fish stories. They come from all
quarters of the Stale. Some of them are
true— all of them are interesting. While
it isn't necessary that you should believe
them all you will not care to miss reading
one of them.
' There will be other pages in The Sdnday
Call, and other striking and attractive
features. A novel page is entitled "Who
Are They?" When you read this you will
realize that there is aiways something new
under the sun in modern journalism.
There are a number of novel features to
interest women in particular, and more
than a feast of the best reading matter, for
men, women and children. In science,
literature and art, all that is new and in
teresting will be found in The Sunday
Call.
McKINLEY IN DEMAND.
The demand for Mr. McKinley from all
parts of the country to orate on the
Fourth of July should not be understood
as meaning that it comes from curiosity
to see the next President, nor because bis
name is William McKinley. It is because
be has been designated by the Republican
party as the proper man to administer the
affairs of the General Government and
lead in the work of oiling the wheels of
commerce and industry that they may
roll ahead again without friction. The
people are hungering for better times. For
three years they have fed upon the husks
of prosperity. They have planted and
reaped, but no increase bas come to them
Their labor has brought no compensation.
They have been obliged to stand in help
lessness and see their savings wither and
disappear. They are in distress, but they
see the dawn of prosperity, and they
know it is the party which William Mc-
Kinley represents that is pushing aside,
by the mighty principles of true Ameri
canism, the debris of torn-down industry
tbat good times may come again.
It is natural, therefore, that the people
should want the next President, who is to
lead in thi3 mighty work, to help them
celebrate the day which stands in the
calendar of time and marks the beginning
of tbe political and industrial inde
pendence of the United States. To be
sure, Mr. McKinley represents in himself
the highest type of American manhood.
As a citizen he stands for whatever is cal
culated to better the condition of the
people, but it is as the chief representa
tive of the political organization that is to
deliver the whole country from the thrall
dom of bankruptcy with which Demo
cratic perfidy and incapacity environ
them that all want to see and hear him. The
coming Fourth of July should be a day of
thanksgiving for the good that is about to
come, as well as a day of outpouring of
patriotism.
RAILWAY SWITCHING CHARGES.
The act establishing freight rates without
switching charges by the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Railway was a bold and deadly
blow against a system of robbery that has
prevailed ever since tbe Southern Pacific
went into the monopoly business. Of
course shippers know that switching rates
aie additional charges; that is to say, tbe
rate-sheet quotes the cost of transporta
tion, which ostensibly includes all charges
between the initial and destination points,
but when the consignee comes to pay the
freight and remove the goods he finds a
••switching" charge has been added to the
card-rate. For tearing down this system
of plundering shippers, the Valley road is
justly entitled to the thanks of every busi
ness man in the State, the more so because
there never was, nor ceuld there ever be,
any excuse for such unjust methods to ex
act money from the public. A stagecoach
might just as well stop on the outskirts of
the town and demand extra pay to deliver
its passengers at the hotel.
In the early days of railroading when
transfers were made by wagons there was
an excuse for such charges, for the term
inus of the road was its destination point,
but in these days of connecting lines the
switching charge means that the shipper
is in a position to be squeezed with no
power to prevent it, and the custom was
not only introduced in railway manage
ment at an early day, but it has kept its
itching palm hard down upon all tbe
traffic of the State ever since. A single
switching charge does not exact a great
deal of money to be sure, but in a year's
business it amounts to a great deal of
money to every large shipper, and very
often a snipper would be satisfied with the
sum of the switching charges he has paid
for the year's profit. But the management
of the Valley road will have nothing of
that sort, and shippers, are under obliga
tions to it for overturning and annull
ing a most vicious and unfair custom.
PERPETRATING A JOKE.
There always are amusing incidents and
ridiculous sayings in a political campaign,
but it is doubtful if there is anything fun
nier eeen or heard from now on to Novem
ber than the pompous announcement of
the Cincinnati Enquirer that it is "princi
ples, not men," with the Democratic party.
It is too brazenly absurd to be twisted
into a news item, for an item
of news is obliged to have at least
one thread of truth running through it
to make it go. The funny part of the
Enquirer's declaration will be located
without a microscope when it is known
that it was made after the editor and
proprietor of the Enquirer had put his
private mark of ownership on an easy
working majority of the Ohio Democratic
State Convention and that his majority
passed a resolution to the effect that the
editor of the Enquirer is altogether the
best man in America for the Chicago con
vention to nominate for Vice-President,
although, as a matter of fact, he should
be given the first place.
The trouble with the Democratic party
is it is devoid of principles as well as prin
ciple. Hitherto it has been supposed to
be a party of office-hungry men, whose
principles were like the chameleon — a
member of the lizard family which has the
faculty of changing its colors to harmo
nize with those of the thing it is for the
moment the most intimately associated
with. Two sets of principles, so called,
are now undergoing repair for use at Chi
cago, and whichever set shall appear
to possess the greater number of
deceptive qualities will be employed to
beguile the unwary into the Democratic
trap. If the Democratic party ever advo
cated a principle that did not contemplate
the spoils of office for the bosses it has
been kept under cover. At all events that
is not the kind that is used in active ser
vice. The plan of Whitney to straddle
questions which the people are deeply in
terested in may be said to be a genuine
Democratic working principle, for it is
composed wholly of intrigue, deceit and
false pretenses. But "principles, not
men," is a joke— an idiotic joke at that.
PERSONAL.
W. R. Spalding, a lawyer of Truckee, Is at
the Lick.
F. H. Conant, U. S. N., is registered at the
Occidental.
G. Garibaldi, the merchant from Merced,
is at the Grand.
J. W. Oates, an attorney of Santa Rosa, has a
room at the Lick.
H. C. Oswald of London arrived at th c Occi
dental last night.
C. Crittendon of San Jose is stopping at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
George W. Boggs, the grain merchant of
Tracy, is at the Russ.
S. W. Bright, a mining man of Jackson, is
registered at the Russ.
W. S. Wall, a business man of Woodland, is a
late arrival at the Russ.
L L. Delano, the quarryman of Portland, is
among the Lick's guests.
Among the Palace arrival! is W. S. Hughes
of the United States Navy.
J. B. Fuller, the Bank Commissioner from
Marysvllle, is at the California.
Dr. J. M. Blodgettof Lodi is making the
Grand his temporary headquarters.
F. P. Wickersham, the Fresno banker, is
among tnose registered at the Lick.
J. P. Sheridan of the banking firm of Sheri
dan Bros., Roseburg, Or., is at the Lick.
H. C. Tuckson, a business man of Redwood
City, is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
L. F. Garrand Jr. of the United States Geo
logical Survey, has returned to the Occidental.
Peter Negro, a mining man from Mina
Prieta, Mex., arrived at the Baldwin yester
day.
Aaron Smith, who is interested In the rail
road business at Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Grand.
William W. Adams, L. Manning and T. Early,
mining ineu from Montana, are guests at the
Palace.
Mrs. Dr. William Hammond and William It.
Noyes of Livermore arrived at the Occidental
last night.
Bishop Nichols and his son came up from
San Mateo last night and registered*, at the
Occidental.
S. Thompson, a wealthy rancher of Angels,
Calaveras County, Is a guest at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are H. D. Gelatt and wife, prominent
residents of lowa.
J. T. Peitis, a large clothier of New York
City, arrived at the Palace last night and reg
istered with his wife.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, the Petaluma
banker and member of the Fifth Regiment, N.
G. C, is a guest at the Lick.
L. Gerlich of Stockton, who is one of the big
cattlemen of the State, was among the ar
rivals at the Grand last nJght.
Professor William Henry Hudson of the Eng
lish department at Stanford University ia a
guest at the California with his wife.
D. E. Knight of Marysville, one of the dele
gates to the St. Louis Republican Convention,
is at the Lick with his wife for a short visit.
J. D. Culp of San Felipe, the man who has
made a success of tobacco culture in Califor
nia, is among the latest arrivals at the Lick.
John Slbbard of Nevada, who Is extensively
interested in the cattle business both in his
State and in California, is a guest at the Russ.
L. J. Belloni Jr., a son-in-law of Havemeyer
of the Havemeyer Sugar Trust of New York
City, is at the Palace with his wife and two
daughters.
A. S. Cooper, the Santa Barbara Democratic
Councilman, aspbaltum expert and ex-County
Surveyor, has returned to the Grand after a
trip to Bakersfield.
Colonel Carlos Gonzales of Mexico arrived at
the Lick last night with a detachment, con
sisting of his wife, an interpreter and enough
little Gonzale&es to make a baseball team and
furnish an umpire for the game.
Nick A. Covarrubias. Unrted States Marshal
for Southern California, is a guest at the Pal
ace. He is here on a short pleasure trip,
although he brought with him from tne South
a Chinaman who is to be deported.
b. F. Thorn, manager of the Grand, has re
covered sufficiently from the severe injuries
he sustained in a bicycle accident on March
30 In the park to be out again. He has gone
down to Cragghom, his pretty country place
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, near tilenwood.
I. W. Woodruff, an octogenerian capitalist of
Philadelphia, arrived on last night's overland
train. He said that he had been noting the
weather in this City from day to day in The
Call, on file in the Public Library at Phila
delphia, and had decided San Francisco cli
mate would do him good. He is at the Lick.
Mrs. E. G. Hitchcock, Miss llattie C. Hitch
cock, Miss Mabel W. Hitchcock, Mrs. J. P. Sis
son and Mrs. I. Wright arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday from Hilo, Hawaii. They
made the voyage from the islands in the bark
Annie Johnson. E. G. Hitchcock is the Sheriff
of the island of Hawaii, the largest of the
islands forming the republic of Hawaii.
M. Wines is at the Grand with his wife. Mr.
Wines owns the mountain stage line, between
Santa Barbara and Los Olivos, the pres
ent terminus of the coast railroad, some day
to be buiit through to the ultra-mountain
terminus at Elwood, twelves miles north of
Santa Barbara. He also owns the stage line
from Truckee to Taboe and is now on his way
to Lake Tahoe to make further arrangements
for the season's travel, now just developing
into a full stream that will continue until late
in August.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 20.-Hinrich
Schroder arrived in on the North German liner
Spree from Bremen. Dr. Rosenthal leaves the
Plaza to sail on the North German liner Werra
for Gibraltar and Genoa. At the Metropoli
tan—R. C. Meyers; Holland— Miss Lucelle,
Miss E. Wood, K. Maddox; Gilsey— C. M.
Goodall, J. Metcalf, R. P. Schwerin; Broadway*
Central— G. M. Stewart; Imperial— W. F. Goad
Jr.; Hoffman— H. I. Kowaliky ; Westminster—
F. G. Sanborn.
A RECOGNIZED LEADER.
San Pedro American.
There are few papers that have made such
wonderful strides into popular favor as the
San Francisco Call since Charles M. Short
ridge assumed the management of that paper.
To-day Tub Call is recognized as a leader in
coast journalism, and in the presenting of re
liable, clean and wholesome news it has no
peer. j
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
PROTECTION THE ISSUE.
An Old Republican Points Out How History
Repeats Itseu.
Editor of the Call— Dear Sib: As one of your
readers interested in tbe success oJ the Repub
lican party at the coming election, and having
implicit confidence in the integrity, executive
ability and political sagacity of our candi
dates, I feel anxious, in common with so many
others, to see every proper exertion made by
pen and voice and pres3, wherever the people
can be reached, to make our work effective and
our triumph complete. While I feel that the
protection of our industries, coupled with the
replenishment of our depleted treasury, is the
dominant issue before the people, our mone
tary affairs have so jostled the minds of many
that new complications are liable to lead some
astray, if not properly enlightened or put on
guard. The trivial dissensions or false issues
growing out of a mere difference of judgment
in regard to coinage should not overshadow
the leading policy for our political salvation,
or the grand essentials for personal thrift and
National, prosperity.
A native of Pennsylvania, I once resided in
Lancaster County of that State, bat a few
miles from the residence of James Buchanan ;
but while there is no merit in that, I had the
pleasure of casting my first vote for a member
of Congress for that stalwart Republican,
Thaddeua Stevens of Lancaster City, a man
whose memory will be revered for his noble
bearing, his forensic ability, his political in
fluence and his many humanitarian deeds
long after Buchanan's good deeds shall have
been forgotten. I afterward lived and con
ducted a Republican newspaper in the Con
gressional district represented by David Wll
mot of the anti-slavery territorial proviso
fame, ana not far from the residence of
Galusha A. Grow, the ex-Speaker of the House,
who again represents his di-ttrict among the
National law-givers. Now, I have noticed that
in political affairs as well as in other transpir
ing events, the old saying is often verified,
that history repeats itself, and I will cite a
little incident in proof. In 1857 the Demo
cratic tarty was in power, with Buchanan as
our chief executive. Under Democratic rule,
or misrule rather, our revenues from Imports
were reduced and our manufactures dwindled.
I A depression in trade ensued, and a financial
I crisis was experienced just prior to the re
bellion, much as we find it at the present day,
although the President, with his Cabinet and
Congress, did not have the same chance for
lavish expenditures, for lack of funds, nor to
increase the public debt under some plausible
pretext, as is the lamentable case with our
Clevelandish administration.
I have by me a copy of a letter written by
Mr. Wilniot to David "B. Brown, September 28,
1857, in which he depicts the trouble so
clearly and in a manner so apropos to present
conditions that I think it would gratify many
of your readers to reproduce it. By the date
of the letter yon may see that it was a short
time prior to the formation of the Republican
party, but after Mr. Wilmot had become dis
gusted with tlie pro-slavery domination of his
Did political associates and had severed his
connection therefrom. The sentiments and
arguments he then expressed are in full
accord with those of the Republican party of
the present day so far as the protection of hu
man liberty and of honest industry are con
cerned, and the same you will find all along
the line of our history marking out those car
dinal and distinctive features under which
the resources of tne country have been in
creased, its industries fostered and its general
prosperity augmented. It is referred to now to
show a similar condition of affairs to that of
the country under the old Democratic execu
tive fossil whose free trade and pro-slavery
sympathies allowed the Government, under
reckless engineers and petty despots, to ride
on headlong to the verge of ruin. But to the
extract.
After deploring the financial convulsions of
the day aiid expressing his dee*) sympathy
with "the thousands of honest and industrious
workingmen unexpectedly thrown out of em
ployment and deprived of the means of sup
port for their families" he adds: "On our visit
to the Gloucester Mills we had some conversa
tion upon the subject of the tariff policy of the
country in connection with its influence upon
American enterprise and labor. That the tariff
policy of the Government has much to do with
the revulsions that periodically convulse the
country is doubtless true, intimately con
nected as that policy must ever be with all our
financial and industrial interests. The very
considerable reduction in the tariff at the last
session of Congress must have had a disastrous
influence inbringing upon us the present state
of things, as it greatly stimulated importa
tions, causing heavier drafts upon the country
for its precious metals.
"It is a great misfortune that our tariff policy
cannot be wholly removed from the party
conflicts of the country and placed upon a
permanent and reasonable basis. Aside from
partisan prejudice there is not, I imagine, a
very wide difference of opinion upon this sub
ject among intelligent and reflecting men. I
have always looked to our policy as settled in
the respect that the ordinary revenue is to be
provided for by duties upon foreign importa
tions, and I have ever favored the policy of
such discriminations as wou'-d afford adequate
ana ample protection to American interests
and American labor.
"We have an immense revenue to raise. Al
ready the expenditures of our Government
reach the enormous sum of sixty millions of
dollars, and it is rapidly increasing under the
profligate and demoralizing expenditures cf
Democratic administrations. la raising this
vast sum there is ample room, by judicious
and proper discriminations, to afford to our
great industrial interest ample protection and
to American labor a just and adequate reward.
I have never intentionally violated this sound
American policy and would cheerfully unite
to-day with the reasonable and judicious men
of the country in placing our tariff policy on a
basis that would secure to American enter
prise and labor fair and just measures of pro
tection.
"The great struggle in which we are now en
gaged and in which my feelings are so deeply
embarked is a struggle to maintain the dig
nity and rights of free labor against the de
grading competition of the labor of the slave,
and I am equally in favor of protecting our
American labor against a ruinous competition
with the cheap labor of the Old World."
This isolated excerpt is given as a sample
only of the expression of thousands, for such
were the views of the leading Republicans
thirty and forty years ago, and the same code
of political ethics is enunciated through the
National and State platforms of the party to
day. It iB the same grand underlying princi
ple of protection which permeates all branches
of trade and commerce, tne stimulus to home
manufacture by a discriminating tariff both
for revenue and protection until we shall grow
In skill and power to become self-supporting,
independent and truly free. All minor topics
of home or international importance maybe
discussed or molded to the popular will, and
need not oe ignored, but let the word go forth
to every fireside, farm, town and hamlet in
the land that protection is our rallying cry
and will be until victory shall perch upon our
banners, prosperity be restored and the people
can cry out amen I William Bcrgess.
San Francisco, June 25, 1890.
THE GRADUATION GIRL.
When you read your farewell c^say, when yon step
upon tne stage
And tell us what me country needs and why tte
heathen rage;
When in phrases so majestic your opinions are ex
pressed
That we hardly understand you if the truth must
be confessed -
Perhaps you'll solve this puzzle which so unrelent
ing clings
And tell us wny one girl has three or four engage
ment rings.
We know it is a problem that has baffled every
land
To keep snpply exactly in accordance with de
mand,
And philosophers inform us that a great deal of
our care
Is caused by some folks getting such a lot more
than their share;
Po, when you sp»*ak of ethics, socioloey and things,
Pray tell oa why one girl has three or four engage
ment rings. —Washington Star.
SHARP AS STEEL
Gilroy Telegram.
What a change from the old Call to The
Call of to-day. The moss has gone and it Is
now as sharp as steel— clean, bright, truthful,
enterprising. Special trains to Santa Crnz and
the paper delivered at SA. M. Brother Short
ridge, the laurels rest nobly on your brow.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Hiram Maxim, the maker of many guns, is
gifted with no little skill as an artist.
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Con
naught are the first knights of the new Vic
torian order.
Grant Allen, It is said by those who know
him well, invariably looks as if he were Just
recovering from a severe illness.
Some English reviewers have named Herbert
Spencer and James Bryce as the possible au
thors of the reply to wax Nordau, entitled
"Regeneration."
Hansen, the Norwegian ski-runner, is going
to the new Siberian Islands to inspect the de
pots of provisions left there for Nansea, and to
search for traces of the expedition.
Mrs. Langtry, famous for her dresses, made
her debut in society in a simple black frocjc,
which she wore all through one season. Im
mediately after her picture appeared she be
came the rage, and duchesses themselves did
not hesitate to stand on chairs to eaten, a
glimpse of her as she passed.
Tne young Duke of Manchester, says a cor
respondent, may be expected to soon follow
ihe example of his fellow-Duke, Marlborough,
and visit the United States for a bride. His
mother is an American woman.
The Princess Kadiajeh Hanem, widow of
Prince Hassen, eon of Ismail Pasha, former
Khedive of Egypt, is undergoing imprisonment
in her palace at Cairo, by virtue of a judgment
of a high tribunal. She was convicted of wast
ing and dissipating her fortune.
Sir Frederick Abel, tae inventor of the much
talked-of cordite, comes of a family which is
really German by origin, although himself
born In England. He is a great diner-out and
a brilliant talker, and is numbered among the
intimates of the Prince of Wales and the Duke
of York.
Queen Victoria still wears the style of shoes
of thirty years ago. Her children still address
her in the way which was fashionable when
they were little things. No member ot the up
per class ever said -'Mother" then, and from
the oldest to the youngest they still call the
Queen "Mamma."
There is hardly a city in the civilized world
from which the Mikado of Japan does not re
ceive letters, many of his correspondents an
ticipating that through him they can gain an
entrance to the Japanese market. The num
ber of inventions of all kinds offered to him
for sale is enormous.
According to the Jewish Chronicle Baron
Edmond de Kothscnild has established an
other colony in Palestine. The new colony,
which is situated in Gallilee, not far from
Damascus, consists of a village of 3000 acres,
with many springs and the sources of the
River Jordan. This settlement will be colon
ized by fifty farm laborers of tried experience.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Doesn't it seem strange that the peasant
woman should ask King Arthur to cook her
cakes for her?"
•'Oh. I don't know. Perhaps she was a new
woman." — Truth.
Hoax— Does Sillicus know anything about
music?
Joax— No; he doesn't know the difference be
tween a string orchestra and a rubber band. —
Philadelphia Record.
Reginald— l hear, Miss Dolly, that Miss Wild
rose is called the flower of the family.
Miss Dolly— Well, I thought I saw something
that looked like pollen on her face the other
night. — Harper's Bazaar.
Young father (anxiously)— ls it a boy or a
girl, nurse?
Nurse— lt's three of 'em, sir. Three lovely
boys.
Young Father— Good gracious. This comes
of marrying a girl whose father was in the
wholesale line of business.— Woonsocket Re
porter.
He (tauntingly)— Your father was in trade
when I married you, wasn't he?
She (bitterly)— l suppose so. He was sold, in
any event. — Chicago Dispatch.
Wheeler— l see by the papers that a Chicago
bicycler was held up by two men.
Sprocket (feeling if the court plaster was
in place on his face)— l wish to gracious it had
been me. — Yonkers Statesman.
"So you enjoy belonging the the Fat Men's
Club?"
"Oh, yes; it is delightful."
"What are some of the pleasures?"
"Why, every fat man in the club discovers
at once that all the other men in. the club are
fatter than he is."— Louisville Courier-Journal.
He (before marriage)— Some of your angel
cake, darling. It is "angel cake," I suppose,
Because an angel made it, isn't it, sweetheart?
He (after marriage)— UmphT Angel cake!
You call it that, I suppose, because it's soggy
enough to make a lot of people into angels if
they were fools enough to eat it I— Somerville
Journal.
"I always feel so brave," she said,
1 -When I the 'cycle pedals tread.
Like some world-conquering cavalier,
I ride unconscious all of fear!"
A field mouse crossed our winding way —
A grasp, a scream, a swerve, a sway !
And roadside gully did reveal
A pot pourri of maid and wheel.
—Richmond Dispatch.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS,
Another Kicker.
Pasadena Star.
There is a new Arizona Kicker— Lady Sholto
Douglas has settled there.
Quite a Difference.
Contra Costa News.
The slogan is "Protection and Prosperity"—
nor free trade nor free silver.
The Rebellion That la Unabated.
San Jaclnto Register.
If affairs in Cuba continue much longer as
they are at present Weyler will soon be a
wailer.
A New Idea for Huntington.
Oakland Enquirer.
If the Southern Pacific Company wants a
harbor at Santa Monica why should it not
build It iuelf ?
Punishment Deferred.
\ 'oodland Mail.
It took some pretty hard pleading to prevent
the recent Democratic Convention from cen
suring Cleveland.
Unwise Wallers.
Pomona Beacon.
Some San Diego people who think they
know what they want and don't are setting up
a wail for State division.
From Snowbanks to Sunshine.
Pasadena Star.
People who got in here to-day out of the
snowdrifts by the stormbound trains that are
just arriving are pretty well pleased to get
inio sunshine and flowers again.
Is He Serious?
Sen Bernardino Index.
A San Diego dispatch says that Mayor Carl
son has announced himself as an independent
candidate for Congress in this district. Ig it
serious or a real estate advertising dodge ?
No Indorsement by Bank and File.
Yreka Journal.
The Democratic party of this State indoried
the administration of President Cleveland,
with the exception of his financial policy. His
indorsement was mainly brought about by the
Federal officials, who used their patronage for
that purpose. The rank and file of the Demo
cratic party of the State do not indorse the ad
ministration of President Cleveland.
Taxed for T-iving.
Stockton Independent.
The abominable polltax law should be re
pealed at the next session of the Legislature.
It is a source of much more abuse and vexa
tion than revenue, and Is wrong in principle.
It virtually taxes a man for his mere existence,
and is made the means of oppression and an
noyance by unscrupulous men who care noth
ing for the results so long as they get the com
mission for collecting.
The Oppr«Bßive Poll Tax.
Stockton Mall.
The Stanislaus poll-tax gatherer is about the
meanest man on record. If there is any other
community that has a meaner we should like
to hear from it. Still, the fault is, after all,
with the people. If they could require candi
dates to the Legislature to pledge themselves
to secure the submission to the people of an
amendment to the constitution providing for
the repeal of the odious tax they would soon
be rid of the oppressive burden.
Room for Reform.
Riverside Enterprise.
There never was so much suicide, crime,
murder, insanity and dishonesty as there is
now. Part of it Is traceable to the horrible
prominence newspapers have given and are
giving to these things. For reporters, for
managing editors, for all mankind there is a
dire need to take deeply into their souls the
command, "Whatsoever things are honest
whatsoever things are jußt, whatsoever things
are lovely and ot good report, think on these?"
Advice to the Yoseinite Commission.
Los Angeles Express.
The price of entertainment in the park at
the hotels should be limited to $2, or at most
$3 a day, and the stage fares should be cut in
half, even if the Btate has to run them Itself.
There is no reason for the enormous charges
that are demanded now. and there is an ab
surdity in the State spending thousands of lol
lars to keep up a park for a few persons, moitly
visitors from abroad, to enjoy. The park
should be as free as a park in this city, md
every effort should be made to encourage Cui
fornians to visit it. The Commissioners hive
a splendid opportunity to oblige their felhw
citizens by acting promptly and wisely in tais
matter.
A Commercial Ocean Current.
San Diego Sun.
There is a scientific or nautical fact involved
in the drifting of the big barge from S»n
Carlos, Lower California, to the Marshall s
lands that the sea experts should profit ly.
The barge is a heavy one and would only ,c
carried by heavy ocean currents. The a*,
tance is estimated at nearly 5000 miles aid
the time in traveling was about eisrhtein
months. It appears to us that under the coi
ditions that is a big speed. As to the bar fe
the Marshall Islanders can keep it until called
for. San Diego thought once it wanted it, bi t
there has been a change of mind on the suk
ject. ________ — — —
LADY'S TEA GOWN OR WRAPPER
With Fitted Lining That May Be Omitted
A graceful model which is fitted in back and
hangs loose over a fitted lining front is much
liked both for simple and quite elaborate tea
gowns. The front is gathered to a yoke. The
back is fitted. The sleeves are short puffs wun
a ruffle cut in one or a short puff, with ruffle
of lace or other trimming. A plain standing
collar finishes the neck.
A gown of Persian lawn had collar and bow
of green ribbon to match the predominating
color in the lawn.
One of grass linen on a flax-colored ground,
with flowers of rose color and natural foliage
worn in, had rose-colored ribbons. The sleeve
ruffles were buttonholed in scallops with rose
colored floss. . „
A white and blue striped lawn had yoke of
white embroidery, with bine ribbon collar and
belt - •
A gown of brown and white challis had the
yoke outlined with lace of a yellowish tint
over white satin ribbon. The same lace was
laid in double box pleats that flared out from
the stock collar of white ribbon.
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pacific Carriage
Company. *
Pembroke, jeweler, removed to Alcazar build
ing, 118 O'Farrell street. Watches, jewelry,
fans, etc., repaired. •
• — ♦ — • ■
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
• • — •
A Little liicycle Prophecy.
Santa Rosa Republican.
The time is coming when there will be a
smooth bicycle path on each side of every com
plete public highway in the country. The law.
will provide for the construction of such paths
and they will belong to the wheelmen as much
as the sidewalk belongs to pedestrians. Future
streets should be laid out ol a width sufficient
to admit of such path. Wheelmen themselves
should be willing to have imposed upon each
wheel an annual tax of from $1 to $2 for the
purpose of constructing and maintaining
these paths.
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.-
Central Pacific, union Pacific and Chicago ant)
Northwestern lines. Train, carrying California
delegates will leave San .Francisco July 1 at 6 p. if.
Special rate for the round trip to Chicago ¥72.50.
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations now on sale at Union
Pad fie office, 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. D. W. Hitch,
cock, General Agent, San Francisco.
— — ■»
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense Is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes si age trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 621 Market ttr*et,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacifio P.allroad. H. C. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, 8. F.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con*
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and National Educational Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt., 6"8 Market st., & F.
« ♦ » .
Tex use of Dr. Siegert'a Angostura Bitters ex
cites the appetite and keeps the digestive organs
in order.
• — » »
When you feel "as cross as a cat," a dose of
Ayer's Pills will make you as good-natured as a
Kitten. Try them for biliousness.
■ . NEW to-day;
REALIStATE
nE.nL Lv I nI l
FOB SALE BY
los. lape & Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers ."Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
IMO\ TRUST BUILDIXG, CORNER MARKET.
$7000— Modern flats; north side of Oak st., bet.
Webster and Flllmore; 5 and 6 rooms.
$900 each— lots 26x100; on Lombard St.. bet.
Franklin and Gough; street graded, sewered and
macadamized.
$1450— NW. cor. of Franklin and Lombard sts.;
37:6x100.
$1460— Lot 37:6x137:6; Franklin St., nr. Lom-
bard. •. - • . . ■
NW. cor. of Lake st. and 24th aye.; 30x100;
51260; elegant marine view.
Corner California at. and 22dave.; 67:6x100;
$1750 only.
'. - -<■ ■•■<■ ' INVESTMENTS.
Polk st. —Brick building; best business center of
the street; 3-story and basement; $20,000,
. Third st., near Mission— Brick building; leased
at 9145: $22,500. :
, Clay st,, near Davis— Brick building; . renu
$150; good irontage; only $28,000.
Geary st.— Business corner: » frontages; rents
$142 60; near '.lay lor: $25,000. ,
CHEAP AND REDUCED PROPERTY;
■ EASY TERMS.
. Keduced to $3000; corner Jones and Chestnut
sts.; 36x137:6; elegant view of bay.
Corner residence reduced to $4500: 3 blocks
from Market st., corner Octavia st. i arid Hickory
aye.: 10 rooms, bath, and' modern conveniences.
Bush St., near Flllmor*: 27:4x137:8 and flue
2-story and basement house; 10 rooms, bath, etc.;
in first-class order; $5500.
• Very cheap; marine view; lots 25x100: $2600
each; Devlsadero st., bet. Broadway and Vallejo.
Four fine flats, corner Howard, near 9th; 41:3 x
100: rents $73: only $11,600. ...
Lots $500 each; Lombard, between Bte!ner and
Pierce; 23x100; street graded, macadamized and
sewered. ■■• ". ...
corner $800; Lombard and Pierce; 23x100;
easy terms; both streets sewered.
Pierce-s:. lots $575 to $623, bet Filbert and
Greenwich; very cheap: easy terras. .. . '
Lots 34:4x137:6 $1000 each or 37:6x60 8900:
Greenwich st., bet. Pierce and Scott; good view of
bay; street sewered; easy terms. ...
Corner Pierce and Filbert, 1 block from Unton-
st. cable-oars; 23x80 $000 or 45:10x80 and 80
deep $14755 easy terms. , ; ; .no_textno_textFRUIT-GROWERS
VASTLY BENEFITED.
Nearly All Fruits May
Now Be Converted
Into Brandy.
HALF A MILLION SAVED.
Hundreds of Tons of Prunes and
Apricots Hitherto Allowed
to Rot.
DISTILLERIES IN OPERATION.
Probabilities Are That Nearly All cf
Them Will Now Run the Twelve
Months Through.
Every fruit-grower in the State, particu
larly hose in the central and northern
counties, are greatly elated over the open
ing o: another avenue of profit, the result
of a recent act of Congress changing the
law? governing the distilling of brandy
fror. fruit.
I ider the old act only peaches, apples
grapes were allowed to be distilled.
•or Welborn has received the follow
_■ notice from the Commissioner of Ih
tt rnal Revenue:
An act to amend section 3255 of the revised
of the United States concerning the
distilling of branfly from fruits:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Kepresentativesof the I'nited States of America
in Congress assembled, that section 3255 of
the revised statutes of the United States be
and the same is hereby amended so as to read
as follows :
Section 3255. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may exempt distillers of
brandies mad^ exclusively from apples,
peaches, grapes, pineapples, oranges, apricots,
berries or prunes from any provision of this
title relating to tho manufacture of spirit?,
except as to the tax thereon, when in his
judgment it may seem expedient to do so.
Approved June 3, 1890.
It wil! be seen from the new law that
fruit-growers and distillers will be able to
convert into brandy almost any fruit
(.Town in the State. Heretofore in the
event of an extra heavy crop of apricots
or prunes the growers have been com
pelled to dry such as the short season
would permit, the remainder being al
lowed to rot. In this way hundreds and
thousands of pounds went to waste.
All this, of course, has been a dead loss
to the producer, and incidentally the dis
tiller. Limited in their operations almost
entirely to apples and grapes, many dis
tillers have been forced to shut down at
least a portion of the year. It is thought
now, however, that those in the central
and southern parts of the State will be able
to run the entire twelve months.
At present there ars 119 distilleries in
active operation. Last year the output of
brandy in the First District amounted to
1,472,650 gallons, and throughout the State
lething over 4,000,000 gallons. It is
thought that the new law will be the
means of increasing the output from 25 to
50 per cent. This means to the producer
and distiller at least half a million dollars
and probably more, and to the Govern
ment a largeiy increased revenue.
The counties in Central California will
be principally the gainers. The tons and
tons of prunes and apricots which have
hitherto been either allowed to rot or used
as fertilizers will be converted into a
commercial article for which there is an
ever increasing demand.
OLIVIER IS DISMISSED.
Judge Belcher Does Not Think
. Him Guilty of Perjuring
Himself.
It Is Only a Case of Too Much Mother
in-Law Says the District
Attorney.
Manuel Olivier, who on Tuesday last
was convicted of perjury in Judge Belcher's
court, was yesterday liberated by that
official. When Olivier came up for sen
tence a motion for a new trial was made,
which Judge Belcher granted, and then
on motion of the District Attorney the
case was dismissed.
Olivier is the man who several months
ago married a girl named Rosie Brady,
much against the wishes of the latter's
mother. Mrs. Brady had Olivier arrested
for perjury for swearing Rosie was over 18
years of age when he procured his license.
In the Police Court Olivier's wife swore
she had informed him that she was of age
and that he so believed when he got the
license. In the Superior Court Rosie
flatly contradicted this testimony. Despite
the evident perjury on her part and the
introduction of a letter to Olivier in which
she states her belief that she is almost 19
years of age, and quotes her aunt as her
authority, the jury found Olivier guilty.
In granting the accused a new trial yes
terday, Judge Belcher said the verdict
was evidently an unjust one, as there was
shown to have been perjury in the evi
dence ana the matter all around
was evidently a case of too much
motber-in-law. The motion of the Dis
trict Attorney for disraisal was granted
without argument.
The decision was a very popular one,
and Olivier left the courtroom accom
panied by several friends, who congratu
lated him warmly.
OCCIDENTAL CLUB
ltd Firm Kxbibition Will Be Hjeld at the
Piivilion on Thursday Evening.
In the palmy days of fistic contests in
this City the' Occidental Club held a
prominent position and its actual mem
bers outnumbered any similar organiza
tion. Their contests were among the best
and were well conducted. This same or
ganization, which does not feel financially
able to pay the highest prices to pugilists,
will give its initial contest on next Thurs
*vening at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Tlie boxing contest- are particularly well
chosen, the principal event being between
"Mysterious 1 ' Billy Smith, the welter
weight champion of the world, and Billy
Gallagher of Los Angeles. The former,
who has won repeated victories since he
was here last, is freeh from Europe, where
he conquered Biily Husbands, the Eng
< 'lampion. Jo<; Jeffries, '-the Citrus
Giant," will try conclusions with Dan
Long, and the rattling young bantams,
Hullivan and Mahoney, will open the pro
gramme with a six-round bout. The
prices, which have been made popular,
are: $1, $150 and $2 50. Ttie advance
sales will open to-morrow at 900 Market
street and 1 Taylor street, and judging by
the demand will be large.
LAMOUREAUX PLEASED.
Says the California State Board of
Trade Exhibit Is the Finest lie
Has Seen.
General Land Commissioner S. W.
Lamoureaux of Washington, D. C, and
party visited the State Board of Trade
headquarters yesterday, where they were
entertained by Manager Filcher.
"I dropped in only for a moment," said
Mr. Lamoureaux, "but was so charmed by
the excellence of the display that I stayed
longer than an hour and I found it hard to
get away then.
"I do not believe any other State in the
Union can show such an exhibit of fruit as
this. It surprises me, it is really so very
fine. It is a sdendid index of California's
great and varied resources. Everything
about it is not only good, but the whole is
most attractively arranged and invites
visitors to this btate, not only visitors, but
their capital and the remainder of their
days."
Pursuant to the letters sent out by Man
ager Filcher recentiv for a new supply for
the fruit exhibitions, installments of fresh
supplies have been received in large num
bers.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The Catholic Ladies' Society Will Con
vene Next Month.
On Tuesday, July 7, the eighth Grand
Council of the Young Ladies' Institute will
convene in this City, and on Thursday
evening, July 9, a reception will be ten
dered to the delegates in the form of an
entertainment to be given in Metropolitan
Temple.
An excellent programme has been pre
pared. Admission will be 25 cents.
Tickets may be procured at the office of
the grand secretary, room 63, Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street. All members
and friends of the order are requested to
attend.
NEW QUARANTINE OFFICER
The United States Will Soon
Placs an Officer in
Charge.
The Governor Will Lose the Patron
age of a Nice Berth—Regula
tions Will Be Strict.
The United States Government is mak
ing arrangements to take entire charge of
the quarantine service at this port. Dr.
Rosenan is now on hi 3 way from vVashing- j
ton to assume control of the station and it
is therefore only a question of time before
the State physician will be out of a job.
Dr. Blue of the Marine Hospital will be
the assistant quarantine officer. Yester
day Collector Wise received the following
letter:
Washington, June 20, 1896.
Collector of Customs, San Francisco — Sir: On
being notified by the medical officer in com- j
maud of the Vnited States quarantine station j
at San Francisco that he had begun the board- ,
ing and inspection of vessels in accordance
with instructions issued to him by the sur
geon-peneral, M. 11. 8., you will from that date
and thereafter refuse entry to vessels from
foreign ports without the certificate signed by
the National quarantine officer at San Fran
cisco in accordance with the quarantine regu
lations of this department. C. S. Hamlix,
Acting Secretary.
Heretofore the quarantining and inspec- j
tion of vessels have been entirely in the j
hands of the State Board of Health, Dr. I
Chalmers being in charge. It has been
considered one of the best offices in (lie
gift of the State. At the last session of
the Legislature a bill was passed recom- j
mending that the Government relieve the '
State of the quarantine service. The bill j
was pigeon-holed and never signed by the
Governor.
The Federal officer is to be stationed at j
the Marine Hospital, and will work under ;
the supervision of the Surgeon-General in j
"Washington. The Federal regulations
will be much more strict than those now i
in torce and will be rigorously enforced. !
The local officer will still have power to I
board vessels, but his inspection will be |
practically useless, as the Government
quarantine will take precedence over him.
It is feared in shipping circles that the
officers may oppose each other and greatly
discommode shipping. Unless they act
in conjunction ship-owners will be sub
jected to great delay and annoyance. In I
the end, however, the State officer will '
probably be compelled to retire from the
field.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
Folsom Club 'So. 1 Indorses the Reso
lution Adopted by the Mission
High School Club.
Folsom improvement Club No. 1 met
last evening in its rooms on Folsom
street, near Twenty-fourth, and consid
ered the resolution submitted to them by
the Mission High School Club, petition
ing the Board of Education to establish a
high school in the Mission.
This resolution was adopted with the in
tention of submitting it to all the clubs in
the Mission for their approval. After
some discussion the club unanimously
voted for it. After the last club has in
dorsed it it will be submitted to the Board
of Education.
It was also decided that a grand parade
be held on the evening of July 25 in cele
bration of the bituminizing of -'olsom
street, which has been completed from
Nineteenth street to Sixth. All property
owners will be asked to illuminate, the
cycling club will join the procession, and
it is expected that, with the co-operation
of the four Folsom clubs and the South
Side Club, the occasion will be one long
remembered by property-holders.
WORK OF THE BOYS.
An -exhibition To-Night in the Silver
Links Club.
An entertainment, exhibition and sale
of baskets, pictures, frames, drawings and
woodwork will be held this evening by
the Silver Links Boys' Club at 427 Second
street.
The managers wish it distinctly under
stood that this is not an invitation "to
come and buy," but "to come and see"
what the nature of the work is. They
trust that thus the interest in the work
may increase and that their efforts will
meet with the encouragement which all
such labors should deserve. The perform
ance of useful work by boys is the true
way of saving them.
Tickets can be obtained from any of the
following persons: Board of managers-
Miss M. A. Carmany, Miss M. J. Morrison,
Miss Ada Brady, George H. Gardiner,
Charles Harley, Gordon Ross, Fred E.
Magee; or the patrons — Mrs. A. R. Bald
win. Mrs. V. G. Hush, Mrs. I. 8. Van
Winkle, Mrs. James Hojre, Mrs. Charles
HarJey, Miss Alice Ann Ciark, Mrs. Gar
diner, Thomas Magee, H. L. Vr n Winkle,
William A. Magee.
Should Be Read by All.
One of the articles of especial interest in this
week's News Letter is entitled "The Meaning
of Free Coinage," wherein the writer explains
in a clear and concise manner the question
that is agitating the country from one end to
the other. The article will be especially ap
preciated by those who have never had the
1 matter clearly explained to them before. ♦
; • — — «-
I IRev. F. M. (-OLBURX and the awful charges
made against him and the Grand Jury are
discussed vigorously In to-day's Star. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
BEQUESTS TO HIS FAMILY
General Dimond's Will Dis
criminates Between His
Children.
The Eiucation of the Daughter Cared
For— Small Sums lo Two
Sons.
The will of General W. fl. Dimond was
yesterday filed for probate.
According to its provisions two of his
sons, William W. Dimond and Harry W.
Dimond, get only $5000 each. The legacy
of the latter is placed in the hands of
Edwin R. Dimond and the Union Trust
Company in trust for him, he to receive
its earnings until the trustees see fit to
deliver the $5000 to him. The balance of
the property is to be equally divided be
tween Edwin R. Dimond and his two sis
ters, Mrs. Paul Jarboe and Mrs. Joseph
Tobin. The shares of the two ladies are
also left in trust with Edwin R. Dimond
and the Union Trust Company. It is
thought that other provisions for the two
sons were made before the general's death.
Following is a full copy of the will:
I, William EL Dimond, of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, being of
sound and disposing mind and memory and
not acting under duress, menace, fraud or un
due influence, do hereby make, publish and
declare this as and to be my last will and tes
tament in manner and form as follows:
First— l give, devise and bequeath to my
son William Waterhouse Dimond the sum of
$5000.
second— l give, devise and bequeath to Ed
win K. Dimond and the Union Trust Company
of San Francisco the sum of $5000, neverthe
less in trust for the following Uses and pur
poses, to wit: To invest, loan, hold and man
age said trust property as In their judgment
may be deemed best, applying the income
thereof to the support and maintenance of my
sou Harry Waterhouse Dimond until said
trustees in their best judgment may deem it
best to deliver said sum of $5000 to said Harry
Wuterhouse Dimond, whereupon said sum of
money is bequeathed to sp.id Harry Water- i
house Dimouu, uud said trustees shall deliver j
the game to him, provided, however, that if
said trustees should not deem it best to deliver
said sum of $5000 to said Harry Waterhouse
Dimond during the term of his natural life
said trustees shall continue to hold said trust
property as above until the death of said j
Harry Waterhouse Dimond, and upon said |
event said trust property is hereby devised j
and bequeathed to the legatees and devisees of
said Harry if he should die testate or to his
heirs at law if he should die intestate.
Third— l give, aevise and bequeath to my I
son Edwin R. Dimond one-third oi the re- I
mainder of all the estate oi which 1 may die
possessed.
Fourth— l give, devise and bequeath all the
rest, residue and remainder of ray estate to
my son, Edwin R. Dimond, and the Uniou ;
Trust Company of San Francisco, nevertheless |
in trust for the following uses and purposes, j
to wit: To invest the same in such dividend
paying securities or mortgages as to them shall
seem tit; to charge interest lrom time to time, ,
and to convert the trust estate into money a.s
they shall consider wise; to apply the income j
j oi such trust estate share and share alike to j
the education and maintenance of my two ;
daughters, Eleanor Sophia and Mary Gray, i
during the term of their natural lives.
Hither of my said daughters may, at her
option, dispose of her interest in said trust
estate by will, and said interest in said trust
estate in such event I hereby give, devise and
bequeath to the legatees and devisees under
Eiiid will.
In the event of said dispoial by will the re
ceipt of any executor nominated in such will
shall discharge said trustees or survivor from
■ liability as to the share of said trust property
1 affected by such will.
Should either of my said daughters die in
testate, leaving a child or children surviving
her, such child or children shall receive in
equal parts the share of the deceased parent,
and such share in such an event 1 hereby give,
devise and bequeath to such child orchildren,
aud the receipt of the guardian of such child
or children it they be minors, or of such chila
or children if they or any of them have at
tained majority, shall discharge said trustees
from liability as to the part of said trust prop
erty thus paid over.
Should eilher of my said daughters die in
testate and without issue her surviving I
give, devise and bequeath half of the por
tion of said trust property belonging to her to ;
my said son Edwin R. Dimond, free from any
trust, if he be alive at such time, and the same 1
shall be then immediately delivered to him, j
or if he had died prior tnereto leaving issue
him surviving I Rive, devise and bequeath
such snare to be divided equally between his
then surviving children; the remaining half
or (and in event my said son shall have died j
leaving no issue surviving at the death of my j,
said daughter who may die) the whole of the |
share of such deceased daughter shall remain ■>
In the hands of suid Union Trust Company of
San Francisco subject to the provisions oi this
trust for the use of my then surviving
daughter.
At the death of my last daughter intestate
and without issue surviving her, I give, devise i '
and bequeath to my said son Edwin R. |
Dimond the whole oi said trust property free j
from said trust, and he shall then receive the I
same, or il he be then dead, I give, devise and
bequeath said trust property to his then sur
viving children, share and share alike, and
they shall then receive the same, or If he be
then dead §nd leave no issue then surviving, i
the whole of said trust property shall descend ,
to my heirs in accordance with tho laws then ■
in force in tne State of California. ]
Fifth— As the executors of this my will I
nominate i! nd appoint my said son Edwin R.
Dimond and said Union Trust Company of
San Francisco.
I direct that no bonds shall be required from
my said sou for the performance oi this trust. !
My said executors shall have the power, :
without first obtaining an order of court
therefor, to sell any of my property and to so
deal with the same as to tnem shall seem wise.
In the event of the death of my said son be
fore my own death, the said Union Trust Com
pany oi San Francisco shall act as sole executor
and trustee.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
name and seal this 28th day of February, in,
the year 1956. Wiu.ia.m H. Dimond.
The foregoing instrument consisting of three
pages besides this was at the date thereof
signed, sealed, published and declared to be
his last will and testament by William Henry
Dimond, the testator therein named, in our
presence and in the presence of each of us, '
who at his request in his presence and In the
presence of each other have hereunto set our
names as witnesses, this 28th day of February,
1896. Horace C-. Platt,
Oscar T. Seawell.
Grnndy's Bunch of Violets.
Sydney Grundy's "A Bunch of Violets," a
novelty of more than ordinary interest, will be
presented at the California next week by
Stockwell's players. The marked fayor with
which this brilliant London success was re
ceived in New York is a pretty sure indication
that it will please the theater-going public
even better than the two admirable produc
tions that have already been offered by Man
ager Stock well and his admirable company.
Like all of the previous dramatic productions
of its talented author, "A Bunch of Violets" is
a charmingly written play with effective
situations for several strong characters. It
is said that a majority of Mr. Grundy's
admirers consider "A Bunch of VioletV'
the best play he has ever written, and,
as It will be presented for the first
time on this coast, with a cast in
which Herbert Kelcey and Effie Shannon play
the leading roles, it will excite more tiian the
usual imerest. Mr. Kelcey will assume the
role of Sir Philip Marchant, originally played
by the celebrated English character actor,
Beerbohm Tree, and Erne Shannon will play a
light-comedy adventuress, offering her supe
rior advantages for good dfamatic work. Olive
Oliver, Winona Shannon, William Beach, John
T. Sullivan, J. N. Long and L. R. Stock well are
also provided with excellent parts, and as the
play calls for beautiful dressing and elaborate
stage appointments and accessories special
preparations have been made by the manage
ment for handsome settings.
Not Public Streets.
It was yesterday decided by the Judiciary
Committee of the Roard of Supervisors to
recommend that Essex place, between Folsom
and Harrison, First and Second streets, and
Locust avenue, between Gough and Octavia
streets, be omitted from the list of streets on
the official map.
The names of the streets in the Sunny Dale
Tract, with the exception of Sunuy Dale ave
nue, were also omitt_ed.
It was voted to report In favor ot the remit
tance of the personal property assessment of
$50 in the case of W. J. Walters and against
similar petitions by Joseph Schnitz and the
widow Schmalz.
They Refuse to Boycott.
The theatrical employes have in a commu
nication to the San Fanci.co Council of Labor
declined to join in the boycott on the Em
porium, on the ground that it would be unjust
to the engineers and electricians employed
there who have families depending upon them
for support, and for the further reason that
those men belong to labor unions.
INDOOR ATHLETICS.
A Good Evening's Sport in the Young
Men's Christian Association
liymnaslum.
The first indoor contest for association
records was held in the gymnasium of the
Y. M. C. A., corner Mason and Ellis
streets, last evening to a large ana en
thusiastic audience. The following is the
list of events and winners.
Fifty-yard dash, won by H. Leilich in 6^
seconds; 75-yard dash, won by M. Wolfiohn in
lO l^ seconds; 100-yard dash, won by W. P.
Drum in 13 seconds; 220-yard dash, won by H.
J. Dietrich in 28 3-5 seconds; % mile run, won
by \V. P. Drum in 64 seconds; % mile run, won
by E. H. Ziska in 2 minuted and 23^ seconds;
l'mile run, won by W. P. Drum in o minutes
and 27 seconds; 1 mile walk, won by 11. Leilich
in 8 minutes and 54.1<£ seconds; running high
jump, won by H Eddy, 5 feet 2 inches; pole
vault, won by H. J. Dietrich, Bfeetll%inches;
running broad jump, won by H. Leilich, 10
feet 8 inches; standing broad jump, won by U.
Leilicu, 8 feet t>>j inches.
The following officiated:
H. L. Dietz, M.D., referee; W. H. Mitchell,
starter; timers— H. L. pletz, M.D., George
Klarmann, Irving Scott; judges— Horace Guit
tard, Frank Worrell, D. J. Hanrahan; H. J.
Gafferty, judge of walking; C. fiernhard, an
nouncer; Rud Korner, scorer.
HAPPY SUNSET DISTRICT
Appropriation for Improvements
Jovially Acknowl
edged.
Public Officials Complimented on Their
Recognition of the Needs of
the Community.
The residents of Sunset district are jubi
lant. The Board of Supervisors recently
passed an order appropriating $11,000 for
the grading preparatory to paving and
sewering the streets embraced within the
district bounded by H and D streets and
Seventh and Twentieth avenues.
As a demonstration of their apprecia
tion, the Sunset District Improvement
Club, assisted by the ladies of the district,
last evening tendered a reception at Park j
View Hall to the Mayor and Board of
Supervisors and other officials who had
assisted them in obtaining the mnch-de
sired improvement. A number of the
Supervisors were present, and the Mayor
and other members of the board sent
written expressions of regret at their in
ability to attend.
An excellent literary and musical pro
gramme was rendered, a feature of which
was the recitation by Miss Esther Morris
of an original poem, "Sunset District," by
Miss Ewald. The committee of welcome,
consisting of fifteen young ladies, ren
dered a song entitled "Give Us Light in |
Sunset District," in which the need of j
electric-lights in the vicinity was poeti- j
cally set forth.
Mrs. Emma Harrington, chairman of |
the reception committee, delivered a brief j
address, in which she thanked the officials ;
for their zeal in securing recognition for !
the needs ot the district. Dancing sue- j
ceeded the programme.
The improvement club under whose i
auspices the affair was held is one of the
most energetic and active in the com
munity. It is officered by Julius Frankel,
president, and Charles Cushman, secre
tary. Much of the success of last even
ing's entertainment was due to the ladies.
No Bodies Found.
The workmen engaged in clearing away the
debris on the scere of last Monday's disaster
on Fifth str<-»-t concluded the -earch foi the
supposed bodies reported to be under the
fallen building, and to their joy were unable
to find the bodies of the men reported to have
been seen there after the house tumbled down.
The Durrant Exceptions.
The bill of exceptions in the Durrant case
was filed in the County Clerk's office yester
day. There are over 1000 type-written pages
in the document, which Deputies Doran and
Jones are preparing for the printer.
Sent to Whittier.
Joseph Murphy, Edward Murphy and Joseph
LyDCh were yesterday committed to the Whit
tier Relorm School by Judge Belcher for crimes
against nature.
Henry Davis was sent to the same place for
burglary.
Sued on a Note.
William Leviston has sued Thomas H.
Osmont for $1104 25 on a promissory note
secured by a mortgage on real estate. Leviston
petitions that the mortgaged property be sold
to satisfy his claim.
I.ang Quong Dismissed.
Lang Quonsr, convicted of manslaughter,
was yesterday granted a new trial in Judge
Belcher's court and afterward dismissed on
motion of the District Attorney.
SLEEPLESSNESS,
The Story of a Man Who Could
Not Sleep.
Suffered for Ten Tears With a Compli
cation of Diseases— Bent at Last.
From Jackton Sentinel, Maquokcta, lowa,
Any one who has ever passed one sleepless
night can appreciate in a slight degree at least
the sufferings ot one who, through weary
nights and days, vainly seeks to close his eyes
in slumber, until at last life itself becomes al
most a waking nightmare. To toss upon one's
couch night after night for weeks with tired
brain and nerves, longing without avail for
rest; to count the hours as they drag wearily by,
the strained senses startled by every slight
sound, is to experience one of the greatest
afflictions that life can bring. Such was the
experience of Mr. A. T. Wilcox of Baldwin,
lowa, who makes the following statement:
I, A. T. Wilcox of said county and State de
pose and say, that on or about June 1, 1894,
f purchased Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale
People, and began taking them according to
directions, and at once felt better and in ten
days felt a decided change for the better. I
continued to tnke these pills until about No
vember 1, 1894, when I had to quit for want
of money.
I can say that this medicine gave me imme
diate relief. So much so I could do my chores,
which before were very difficult, with ease
and felt better than I had for the last ten years
past.
My disease was sleeplessness, cold feet and
constipation of the bowels and liver troubles
together with kidney troubles. 1 want to say
that before 1 began to take the pills 1 had to
sit up in my chair to sleep, but in a few days I
began to ieel better and my nights were those
of perfect rest. Rest which one feels that
comes from returning health. I rested well
and my sleep was sound.
I began at once to sleep well and slept well
as long as I used the pills.
I can say for all who are suffering from
any of above complaints that it gave me re
lief, and I feel it a duty to recommend it to
all, feeling sure that it does all that is claimed
for it.
(Signed), A. T. Wilcox.
Subscribed in my presence and sworn to be
fore me this the Bth day of June, 1895.
A. c. Blair,
[seal.] Notary Public.
Baldwin, Jackson County, lowa.
An analysis of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
shows that they contain, in a condensed
form, all the elements necessary to give new
life and lichuess to the blood and restore shat
tered nerves. They are an unfailing
specific for such diseases as locomotor ataxia,
partial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, sciatica,
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache,
the after effects of la grippe, palpiiation of
the heart, pale and sallow complexion*, all
forms of weakness either in male or female,
and all diseases resulting from vitiated humors
in the blood. Pink Pills are sold by all
dealers, or will be sent postpaid on receipts of
price (50 cents a box or six boxes for if 2 50—
they are never sold in bulk or by the 100) by
addressing Dr. Williams' Medicine Company,
Schenectady, N. Y.
MRS, CRAVEN WAS
TOO ILL TO TESTIFY,
Continued from Fifth Page.
and countenance when informed of the
proposed action of tne Grand Jury and the
Board of Education.
"I think these proceedings are a most
cowardly attack, coming at this time,"
she said.
"Shall you resign or take any action in
the matter?" was asked.
"Indeed, I shall not resign, but will fight
the matter to the bitter end."
THAT INK WILL.
How Its Mysterious Disappearance
Is Accounted For by the
Craven Side.
' Mrs. Craven's partial story of the two j
wills said to have been written in her I
home at 2007 California street, on Septem
ber 24, 1894, by Senator Fair— one in pencil
and one in ink — has whetted curiosity to ;
know what eventually became. of the ink i
will, which has gone mysteriously out of |
sight.
> The mystery is m part cleared away by
one who is familiar with the details of
Mrs. Craven's journey to and from New
York, and who related them yesterday to I
a Call reporter.
Mrs. Craven started for New York on '
February 25, 1895, to get the will of Sep
tember 24, 1894, which, with other docu
ments concerning her relations with the j
dead millionaire, she had - sent to her j
daughter Margaret, who was then on tho
stage in New York. All these documents
were in one package, and no one, outside j
of Mrs. Craven, at the time she left here
knew that there were duplicate wills— one ;
in ink and one in pencil. She traveled
Enst under the name of Mrs. J. S. Cameron.
Arrived at New York she was laid low
by la grippe. Meanwhile Reuben H. Lloyd, |
who was carrying on - the negotiations |
with Stephen Roberts for possession of the ;
will, was on tenter hooks. Judge Slack j
had set the hearing for the probating of '
the will of September 21, 1894, known as I
the trust will, for March 18, 1895, and had j
declared that no further continuance
would be conceded. It was therefore of '
the utmost importance to have the holo- j
graphic will in court on that day, in order
to have proper grounds fora contest to the
trust will. At Mr. Lloyd's anxious solicita- j
tion Roberts sent urgent telegrams to Mrs. j
Craven to bring or send on the will.
Against the orders of her physician, !
Mrs. Craven got up from her sickbed and |
prepared to make the westward journey.
But she feared she would not be able to go
through on time, so she arranged with a
friend in New York named Mulholland to
have a friend of Mulholland's, named
Tichner, meet her at Chicago and take the I
will on to San Francisco, in case she was i
unable to proceed. The Chicago man was :
to recognize her by a handkerchief she
was to display on her bosom. She as
sumed the name of Mrs. Knox on her
westward trip. She forgot the prearranged j
sign, but Tichner found her and asked her j
if she was Mrs. Knox. On receiving an j
affirmative reply, he announced he was
Mulholland's friend and asked her pleas
ure.
She intrusted the ink will to him. and \
together they continued toward San Fran
cisco, she being continually confined to
her stateroom. She saw Tichner at inter
vals during the journey, but ior the last
time at Reno. Since then neither she nor
her attorneys nor Mr. Roberts have seen
the ink will or Mr. Tichner.
When Mrs. Craven arrived here and
found that the ink will was missing she |
produced the pencil document, and this
was the first knowledge her counsel or
others had that there were duplicates of
the testament of September 24, 1894,. in ex
istence. :■,:' ..;-■' - . ' ; .*-\:" ii ' : s-'' l V
: Now 5 comes a most interesting theory
advanced by the Craven side. ■ They, say :
THE SUNDAY CALL
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL
WHO AXE THEY?
Something very easy to guess — Just a page of them — A striking
feature, but leaving room for a multitude of other features.
SOME SAMPLES OF CALIFORNIA FISH STORIES.
It isn't necessary that you should believe them all — but you will
not miss reading any of them.
WHAT IT COSTS TO CIRCLE THE GLOBE
And what Oliver Optic saw in San Francisco — He couldn't
comprehend the Bohemian Club jinks.
DESCRIPTION BY AN EYE WITNESS
Of the first successful trip of Professor Langley's flying ship.
HOW NOT TO DROWN.
NEW PICTURES OF THE PARIS SALONS.
SEVEN CURIOSITIES OF THE GOLDEN STATE.
All the usual features and a good many new ones.
"THE CALL"~SPEAKS FOR ALL,
they have no doubt that in some way the
Fair people learned of the transfer of the
will to be made at Chicago and arranged
to get possession of the will by having a
detective assume the part of Mulholland's
friend. The production of the pencil will,
however, obviated the necessity of using
the ink document, so that paper was never
brought to light, they assert."
They say further that the reason for the
extraordinary course pursued by the Pair
heirs to secure possession of the ink will
was that they feared Mrs. Craven would
ask an extravagant price before she would
consent to produce it. Had there been no
pencil original the ink will, they say,
would have been produced by the other
side and its peculiar procuration treated
as a good joke. As things turned out,
however, there was no need, it is claimed,
for the Fair side to show their hand in the
matter at all.
Such is the history of the duplicate
wills, Mrs. Craven's notable trip to New
York and back and of the mysterious dis
appearance of the ink will.
SOME LEGAL PHASES.
The Status of Things Should Mrs.
Craven Prove Her Claim to
Be Fair's Widow.
Speculation was rife yesterday as to the
exact status of Mrs. Craven and the wills
and deeds in relation to the Fair estate
should marriage be proved between Mrs.
Craven and the late Senator Fair.
Many believed that as the widow of the
deceased millionaire Mrs. Craven would
be entitled to one-third of the estate, in
view of the fact that she was not men
tioned in any of the wills of Fair. One of
her own counsel is authority for the state
ment, however, that she can claim noth
ing from the estate, as it is all composed
of separate property, and Fair had the un
questioned right to dispose of it by will as
lie saw fit.
It was further stated that the gift deeds,
though made in favor of Mrs. Craven, car
ried title to that lady even though her real
name might be Mrs. Fair. The law sfmply
takes cognizance of ttie intent of tne
grantor, and if Mrs. Fair can prove her
identity as jVJr.9. Craven, her title to tae
property conveyed to Mr.. Craven will be
unquestioned.
One important legal complication may,
however, arise in connection with the
secrecy maintained relative to tne alleged
marriage. If Senator Fair conveyed any
real estate since the date of the alleged
marriage contract and that document is
proved genuine, the grantee may_ iind
some difficulty in passing title without
securing the signature of Mrs. Fair to the
d eeds of conveyance.
Her signature is not absolutely necessary
to such deeds, but the wife's signature is
generally required, even when separate
property is conveyed, in order to prevent
any possibility of the claim being set up
that the property was a gift, as the hus
band has no right to make a gift of prop
erty though it be separate without the con
sent of his wife.
Senator Fair, it is stated, desired to
make a legacy to Mrs. Craven in the will
of September 24, 1895, but she objected.
In order, however, to Drovide for her after
his death it is claimed he deeded her the
Sansome street and the Mission street
properties.
It has been reported that Mrs. Craven
has deeds on other real estate now in
ventoried as part of the Fair estate, but
this is denied by one of her attorneys. The
only deeds she has are the two that were
recorded so sensationally iast week.
A POLICE KINDERGARTEN.
Wants Offices Established on Third and
Howard Streets.
The police are going into the kindergar
ten business, that is, they are going to
provide the money for such an institution
i at the corner of Third and Howard streets.
| The new kindergarten school will be
called the San Francisco Police Free Kin
dergarten. All the officers have decided
to stand in, as the movement had evident
ly been approved by the heads of the de
i partment before the patrolmen were con-
I suited.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
The Best Remedy in the World-
It Makes People Well.
There is one true specific for diseases
arising from impure blood and a debili-
tated nervous system, and that is Paine's
celery compound, so generally prescribed
.by physicians. It is probably the most
remarkable remedy that the scientific re-
search of this country has produced.
Prof. Edward E. Phelps, M.D., 1.L.D.,
of Dartmouth College, first prescribed
what is now known the world over as
Paine's celery compound, a positive cure
for dyspepsia, biliousness, liver com-
plaint, neuralgia, rheumatism, all nervous
diseases and kidney troubles. For the
latter Paine's celery compound has suc-
ceeded again and again where everything
else has failed.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OP TIIE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
Slat day of December, A. I). 1895, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner Of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, con leased as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..... $385,585 72
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,549, 60
Cash in Company's Office 1.129 88
Cash inßanks 127,20161
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion.. 244.436 33
Total assests $2,307,856 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $70,460 18
Losses in process of Adjustment or •
inSuspense 119,953 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 38,589 95
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning one year or less, $1,545,- ______ __
961 90, reinsurance 50 percent.. 772,980 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $882,-
-768 10, reinsurance pro rata 490,830 62
All other demands against the Com-
pany 45,000 00
Total liabilities......... $1,637,814 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,896,651 43
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, .stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 65,964 26
Received for Rents 3.443 83
Total Income.... .$1,966,059 5.
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses — $1,113,679 61
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 313,603 94
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for Officers, Clerks, etc.. 171,951 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 42.957 96
All other payments and expenditures 149,964 34
Total expenditures $1,792,15"* 87
Fire Losses Incurred
during the year.. $1,062,339 00
bisks _ premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $224,395,432 $2,584,042 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 217,651,094 2,562.295 59
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895 208.943.226 2,428,728 00-
-* E. LITCHFIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day
of January. 1896.
, . C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public.
Mil & WILSON, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
JL E. Corner California and San some Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO CAL.
DR.MCKULTY.
fpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPE-
-1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OPMENONLY. He stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood and skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings: Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood,
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Hoys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities ana restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury find other Poisonous Drucs.
| Dr. McNnlty'B methods are. regular and scien- -
! tlfic. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
1 preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe .
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable.
Hours— to 3 dclly; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun- •
days. 10 to 12 only. Consultation free And sa-
credly confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSOOK McSCLTY, M. D.,
86 1 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
t'Sr Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are capper* or steerers for swindling doctors.
THESCCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OK THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Baja California
Dam Bitters
J« a powerful aphrodisiac an 1 specific tonic for th.9
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratoruud Nervtnv
Sells on Its own Merits— no long-winded tew
monials necessary.
NAB Jill, ALFS & ISRUNK, Agents,.
323 Market St.. S. -'.-(Send for Circular.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS — RK-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to 91 50 per day, Si
to 98 per week, $8 to «30 per month: free bath*;
hot and cold water every room: tire grates ia
every room: elevator runs aUulsat. ..
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The much-talked-of fistic encounter be
tween Corbett and Sharkey is now a thing
of the past, at least so far as a four-round
bout is concerned. The pugilists are now
matched to fight to a finish "somewhere,"
but like many other battles that have
been made of the same nature, it is doubt
ful if sueii a contest will ever take place.
However, if Corbett and Sharkey will ever
enter the ring for a finish fight the sailor
must greatly improve in his style of de
liverinp blows and use better judgment as
to distance; otherwise Corbett will blind
him before five rounds are fought. Cor
bett will cut out an altogether different
method of attack to that which he em
ployed in the Pavilion. Of course, he will
also be in better condition.
The oaremen of the City are a strange
lot. Some of the crews have now refused
to participate in the Stockton regatta be
cause they anticipated defeat. They
should organize a kindergarten society
and drink the blood of the Mexican bull,
which will give them pluck and renewed
confidence in their prowess.
The wheelmen will engage in several
road races to-morrow.
Baseball is growing popular and a boom
in the National game is gradually devel
oping.
Anpline, shooting, coursing, etc., are
pastimes which have many votaries.
THE WHEELMEN.
Arrangements Perfected for the
Annual League Meet at Petaluma.
CLUB EVENTS TO-MO >KOW.
Bay City Wheelmen— Road race, San
Xieaiidro Triangle.
California Cycling Club— to May
field.
Camera Club Cyclisti— Run to Walnut
Creek.
Garden City Cyclers— Run to Stevens
Creek.
Golden Gate Cycling Club— Run to
Bisyfield. '
liberty Cycling Club— Run to May
field.
Mountain View Cyclers— Barbecue at
Mayneld.
Olympic Club Wheelmen — race,
San 3lateo.
Pacific Cycling Clvb — Run to Bolinas.
San Francisco Road Club— Road race,
Hay ward
There are three big road races, a barbe
cue at Mayfield, and the usual number of
club runs to attract the club wheelmen to- I
morrow, and things are altogether so
lively in cycling matters just now it re
minds one of a year ago when, at the
height of the season, there was a continual
list of these events every Sunday for
months. Only during the past month has
the sport picked up to any appreciable ex- {
tent, but there was enough enthusiasm ;
manifested over the races last Sunday to j
give promise of this year not being so very
dull after all, and the many events sched
uled for to-morrow and trips planned for
several weeks ahead go to show that July
will also be a lively month for the .wheel
men.
Of course the most interest naturally at
taches to events that are at hand, hence
the consequent impression that more at
tention is being paid to the Olympic, Bay
City and San Francisco clubs' road races j
to-morrow than to the league meet at .
Pe:a!uma on July 4. But in reality every 1
wheelman hereabouts who belongs to the
league or to a club, and many of the un
attached riders as well, expects to go to
Petaluma next Friday night or Saturday
morning, for the two days entertainment
arranged for them is far too attractive a
programme to be missed and, under the
circumstances, Petaluraa will be just the
place to spend the 4th and sth this year.
The league meet this year is in charge of
the Petaluma Wheelmen, and their very
enthusiasm and activity in making ar
rangements, and their efforts to do every
thing in their power to make the meet a 1
success and insure visiting wheelmen an
enjoyable time, has been the impetus
which has induced all the big City clubs,
as well as those of Oakland and San Jose,
to go there in as large numbers as possible
and try to "own the town" for a couple of
days at least, a privilege which the Peta
lumans assure them they will not be de
nied. Much credit is due F. K. Lippitt, ;
F. A. Wickersham, L. C. Byce, Thomas !
Macleay, Mr. McNear and other prominent i
members 01 the club there lor the prepara
tory work which has been done, for which
they can show a splendid track, a long list
of races with valuable prizes, and a pro
gramme of entertainment second to none
that has ever been offered at any league
meet held in the State heretofore.
Petaluma has now the finest quarter
mile track in the State. It was a good |
track last year, but the banks have been
raised four feet, making it safer and faster
for the riders. A new grand stand has
been erected to accommodate 800 people,
making the seating capacity of the
grounds about 2500. The reporters' stand
has been enlarged and moved nearer the
track. It is just in front of the grand
stand and the press representatives will
nave about the best seats on the grounds.
The entries for the races closed last night
and show a large number of contestants.
Handicapper Smyth will announce the
' handicaps early next week. There are six
teams entered in the tandem race and a
large number of crack professionals in the
races in that class. Numerous inquiries
have been made in regard to prizes for
broken records, and the management an
nounce that this only applies to the races
and was put in for the purpose of induc
ing the men to use extra exertions to
make fast time.
A. M. Boyden (Reliance), R. E. Dow and
Oscar Osen (Olympic Cyclers), F. M.
Byrne (Imperial), professional riders, and j
C. M. Ackerraan, H. Martin, Haynes, E. |
A. Allen and Mark Simmons of the Peta
luma \\ heelmen, amateurs, are in active
training at the track, working out twice a ]
day, at 11 a. m. and 2:30 p. M. The other !
professionals are expected up next Mon- I
day ana the amateurs later, in the week. '
The "pros." are well pleased with the |
track and say it is very fast, and that if
some records are not broken it will be no
fault of the track. Frank Byrne rode a
mile the other day in 2:20 and was very
much surprised when told his time, as he
said he did not think he was going faster
than a 2:30 gait.
There will be ample accommodations for
visitors. As to lunch on the Fourth, !
nearly every church in town will set a |
chicken dinner in the business part of \
town, so that all will be well fed.- Hotel j
accommodations will be no higher than at !
any other time. Members of the League I
of American Wheelmen get free admission !
to the races and other features of the
meet and reduced rates at the hotels. '
Trains leave this City Friday night at 3:30
and 5 o'clock via Tiburon ferry, the round
trip being $150. Tickets. on Saturday
morning train, 7:30 o'clock, good until
Monday; round trip $1. A special train
will leave Petaluma Saturday night at 9
o'clock, arriving here at 10:30, to accom
modate those who must return that
evening.
Henry F. Wynne of the California
Cycling Club, and chairman of the high
way improvement committee of the
League of American Wheelmen in this
State, took a ''spin" last Friday, Satur
day and Sunday that covered considerable
ground. Mr. Wynne is an enthusiastic
good-roads advocate, and naturally took
minute notice of the condition^ of the 1
roads he traveled, and the memorandum j
of his trip which he gave to me is especi
ally valuable to any one who has only a
few days to spend on vacation and would
like to spend them awheel. Mr. Wynne
said :
Mrs. Wynne did the pacing, while yours
truly did the following with the luggage. We
left San Francisco Friday at 5:30 a. m. from
Twenty-second and Folsom streets and picked
up Lausuetin of the Bay City Wheelmen at the
Sierra Point House, a :ew miles out on the San
Bruno road. He rode with us to San Jose,
where we arrived at 10:30 a.m. (fifty mileß),
having consumed sixty-five minutes In stop
fniges at intermediate points. We remained
at San Jose until 1 :15 p. M., when we went
south to Gilroy, where we arrived at 3 p. m.
(thiriy miles), having Rtopped ten minutes at
both Coyote and Madrone. At Gilroy we re
mained until 3:30 p. m., and then proceeded
to Sargent's Station, where we stopped forty
fiye minutes looking through Camp Sargent.
We then resumed our journey to ban Juan,
where we arrived at 5:30 p. m., having covered
ninety-four miles in twelve hours' time, or
seveD hours and thirty-five minutes actual
riding time. Much to our astonishment we
had a head wind from Gilroy to San Juan.
At 7:30 o'clock Saturday morninc we left San
Juan and proceeded over a rolling road
through hot canyons to Watsonville, where we
arrived at 9:15 a.m. After a stop of twenty
five minutes we resumed to Aptos, Soquel and
Sania Cruz, where we arrived exactly at noon,
having covered thiny-seven miles. We re
mained at Santa Cruz until Sunday at 6:20
a. m. (taking in the Venetian water carnival),
when we took the narrow-^auge train to Los
Gatos. At 8:30 a. m. we left Los Gatos and pro
ceeded home via Redwood City, arriving at 3
p.m., having covered fifty-four miles in the
whole time of six and a half hours, and the
actual riding time of four hours and fifty-five
minutes, the time of stoppage being one hour
and thirty-five minutes.
Mrs. Wynne's machine was geared to seventy.
We had a thoroughly enjoyable trip, found the
roads gpod except that portion between San
Juan and Watsonville. From Watsonville to
Santa Cruz the roads, under the care of Super
visors Linscott and Stan ton, we found of mod
ern construction and well cared for.
While the route traveled by us is a more
roundabout way of reaching Santa Cruz, it bas
several advantages over the Los Gatos. Hotel
de Redwood and Soquel or Mount Charley
routes, inasmuch as the roads are rideable the I
entire distance and there are no mountains,
the worst grade being no greater than the six- ,
mile hill, with which we are all familiar. No j
forcing of pace was attempted, and the ride
shows what a good lady rider can do easily if I
she has good roads.
Almost every wheelman we met in Santa ;
Cruz reported the mountain roads very rough j
and dusty, and nearly every one recounted a
minor accident due to the wheel getting away
on the steep grades. The route we selected
would make an excellent tandem trip.
You might call this our summary: First
day— 94 miles; whole time, 12 hours; actual
riding time, 7 hours 35 minutes. Second day—
37 miles; whole time, 4)4 hours: actual riding
time, 3 hours 35 minutes. Third day— s4
miles; whole time, 6% hours; actual riding
time, 4 hours 55 minutes. Yours sincerely,
Hen by F. Wynnb.
The Pacific Cycling Club held an elec
tion of officers last Monday evening, with
the following result: President, Frank
Scott; vice-president, Alf. Bach; secre
tary-treasurer, Charles W. Etting; cap
tain, Lawrence W. Pryor; first lieutenant,
H. Plagemann. Captain Pryor has called
a run" of the club for to-raonow to
Bolinas.
A. B. Post and George H. Frost, of the
Crown City Cycling Club, Pasadens, ar
rived here Thursday on a wheeling trip,
and will remain about a week. They en
joyed the ride very much, and will return
the same way, by the coast route, in about
a week. Mr. Frost is an old-time wheel
man, and has been a member of the
L. A. W. for eleven years, his number
being 2883.
The Liberty Cycling Club will have s
run to-morrow to Mayfield, under Captain
Beattie, and will elect officers at a meeting
next Tuesday evening.
Secretary-treasurer Wells of the Oregon
division of the league is in the City on a
visit. He will attend the league meet at j
Petaluma on July 4. The Oregon division I
is but a few months old now and nas a j
membership of nearly 300, which is con
stantly increasing.
Henry Meyer and Matt Lindsay have
returned from a two weeks' trip to the i
Yosemite Valley. They are well satisfied
with the trip, though finding some of the
roads rather rough for wheeling.
The racing board has issued its bulletin
No. 16, dated June 26, 1896, as follows:
Sanctions granted— July 3 and 4, Spokane
Amateur Athletic Club, Spokane, Wash.; July
4, Rambler Bicycle Company, Seattle, Wash.
Transferred to professional class— C. E. Dow,
Seattle, Wash. ; Millard J. Lee, Portland, Or.,
own request; Bert Schoonmaker and Fred
Waite, Spokane, Wash., clause A.
R. M. Welch,.
Member National Racing Board.
To-morrow the Camera Club Cyclists,
under Cap'ain Argenti, will take the 7
a. m. broad-gauge boat and train to Mar
tinez, and ride from there to Walnut
Creek, a short trip, where they wiil visit
the Bancroft ranch and enjoy a bullshead
breakfast and the usual accessories. Last
evening the ciub had a moonlight run to
the park, but owing to the fog and cloudi
ness the most imporan' feutnre of the
run — the moon — was absent.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen held a
very successful road race last Sunday
from Fruitvale to San Leandro, but
through a difference between the starttr's
watch and those at the finish the times
were incorrectly given out. The following
is the corrected table, which shows that
several of the men made far better time
than was credited to them :
The racing season has not yet advanced
far enough to give any sort of definite idea
as to who the champion is likely to be,
but thus far it seems as though Bald and
Cooper had the best of matters. Probably
both of these riders have already discov
ered that professionalism is not exactly
"a bed of roses," and that the men they
have to contend with are not awed by
these two old class B cracks, as their antago
nists seemed to be last year, but are doubly
anxious to shut them out on every possi
ble occasion and show them that there are
a few tricks of the trade which they have
not learned.
It isn't at all unlikely, and would be
only a case of what has been often seen in
the past, if some rider who has been meet
ing with varying success should suddenly
develop into a phenomenon and beat them
all out before the closing of the season.
An occurrence of this kind would make
racing more interesting than ever, and
perhaps bring forth time results heretofore
thought of as impossible.
On the other side of the water Tom Eck
seems to be meetine with less success
than anticipated. McDonald, who was
not in good form at any time last year,
but nevertheless showed remarkable
speed on several occasions, notably at As
bury Park, is doing very well and after be
coming thoroughly acclimated, in good
trim and used to foreign tracks and meth
ods may surprise even the most hopeful.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a run
next Wednesday to Mative Sons' Hall to
attend the benefit tendered Robert Mitch
ell, the popular amateur minstrel, who
met with a painful accident recently. The
Olympic Cyclers, Olvmnic Club Wheel
men, Corintnian Yacht Club, Mission Par
lor, N. S. G. \Y\, and other organizations
are aho interested and will attend en
masse.
It seems now that Ziegler admits that
Cooper did not purposely or otherwise foul
him in that celebrated race at Cincinnati
last month. If any fouling was done it
was by Grant, but Ziegler has not pressed
the charge and is desirous that no blame
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
BRANDON. Right Field. REED, Second Base. MAHONEY, Shortstop.
O' TOO LE, Pitcher. LE A RY, Center Field. SHIELDS, Catcher. CARDIFF, Captain and First Base.
HURLEY, Third Bate. GORMAN, Catcher. J. E. POWER, Manager. WHALEY, Pitcher. McCORMICK, Left Field
6. WHALEY, Mascot.
"THE CALL" BASEBALL TEAM.
f Reproduced from a photograph taken by H. F. Powleson.]
i should attach to Cooper, who is one of the
I fairest and most popular riders on the
j track to-day.
The Raisin City Wheelmen Is the name
j of a new club which was organized at
Fresno last Tuesday evening. Aside from
; the primary object of the club, which is to
i promote sociability and to organize cycling
parties and excursions, the club will give
attention to better roads and expects to
Captain W- I- Pixley of The San Fran
cisco Koad Club
! accomplish good work along that line.
j Many prominent gentlemen of the city are
I among tne promoters. The club members
will mostly all join the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen. The charter members
and the officers elected are: John McMul
j lin, president; John Reich man, vice-presi
dent; B. J. Metzler, treasurer; Dr. A. J.
Pedlar, captain; Miss Emma Wold, secre
tary; A. Newhcuse, Dr. Miner, C. H.
Varieties of Trout That Are Now to Be Found in the Waters of This State.
Markham, H. W. Skinner, N. H. Peterson.
W. D. Crichton, A. B. Parker. L. W. Moul
trie, G. W. Jones, J. M. Collier, G. C.
Freeman, A. Gartenlaub, C. H. Emmons,
R. R. Maxwell, Page Minor, M. V.
Dutcher, Miss Ada Harvey, MissColeman,
Miss Gearhart, Professor B. W. Fabian,
W. T. Burks and R. M. Thompson, local
consul of the league in Fresno.
Captain \V. I. Pixley of the San Fran
cisco Road Club is showing an activity in
handling the runs and outings of his club
that might be followed with advantage by
the leaders of some other lafai clubs. The
San Franciscos have an outing of some
sort nearly every Sunday, and Captain
Pixley always selects an easy, pleasant
trip and arranges for a good lunch at the
destination. Mr. Pixley is an old-time
wheelmen, having been a rider in the days
of the ordinary, and was at one time cap
tain of the old San Francisco Bicycle Club.
Spalding.
ANGLING.
San Andreas Lake Will Be Opened
on Wednesday Next.
Anglers will be pleased to learn that the
San Andreas Lake will be opened to the
disciples of Walton on July 1, and it goes
without saying that some royal good
sport awaits all those who will be so for
tunate as to receive an invitation to angle
from Charles Webb Howard, the president
of the Spring Valley Water Company.
Gentlemen who have recently enjoyed
an outing on this beautiful sheet of water
are profuse in their praises of the sport
theyhad in hooking, playing and landing
the garaest ot all anadromous fishes — the
steelhead. True, the steelhead is a fish
which at this season of the year will seek
saline waters for various reasons. In the
first place when the sweet waters of the
rivers and lakes are wanned by the heat
of the sun wiiich lias full play during the
dry summer season, the steelhead is at
tacked by what is termed a fresh water
parasite and to rid it3elf of this trouble
some visitor it repairs immediately to the
cool and deep water of the ocean if the op
portunity permits.
During winter, when the steelhead is on
its journey from oid ocean to the spawn
ing beds at the headwaters of coast
streams, it is again attacked by salt-water
parasites, whicu remain fast to its gills
and fins until the silvered denizer of the
deep enters an estuary at the mouth ot
some river which empties into the ocean.
It is therefore not to be surprised that
some of the large steelheads of the lakes
are at this season of the year annoyed by
parasites. The fishes would certainly
seek the cool water 3of tne ocean if they
had an opportunity, but being land
locked their only hope for relief is by
scratching their bouies and fins on the
rocks which line the sides of the lake.
Professor Jordan, H. F. Emeric and
other noted authorities on fishes and fish
culture are of the opinion that tde Loch
Leven trout and the trout of European
waters, commonly known as the brown or
Yon Behr trout, would thrive and do re
markably well in any of the lakes of the
Spring Valley Water Company, as they
are not tlassified among the anadronious
fishes, such as salmon, steel heads, etc.
John Gallagher of Oakland, a most ar
dent angler, by the way, is at present rus
ticating at Prattville. He has written to
John Butler that angling in the Big Mead
ows country will not be at its prime until
next month. He says that the trout run
very large, some reaching as many as
eight pounds. He anticipates having gala
sport in July.
The Truckee and other rivers on the
east side of the Sierra Nevada Mountains
are running very high at present and
anglers who have recently returned state
that trout fishing will not be good this
year until the latter part of July. Good
sport can now be expected at Inde
pendence, Dormer and Webber lakes,
which beauty spots have only recently
been opened to anglers.
Al Cumming, the champion long-dis
tance fly-caster of Fruitvale, and Captain
Finch, the champion caster of Sausalito
for delicacy and accuracy, will leave this
City to-morrow evening for Truckee.
Cumming will journey to Dormer Lake
and Finch wiil try his luck on Lake In
dependence.
John Butler and a friend will have a
whip at San Andreas Lake on Sunday.
They will be joined by Fred Venker and
company.
John Siebe ana Albert Wieland have
returned from their trip around the world.
Siebe is replete with fish and fowl stories.
Messrs. Mansfield and Bogart enjoyed
some very good trout fishing last Sunday
at the headwaters of the Bi« Sulphur
Creek, which empties into the Russian
River near Cloveruale.
Splendid trout fishing is reported near
Boonville, in Mendocino County.
The Fly-casting Club will meet this
afternoon on Stowe Lake.
Johrr P. Reynolds left on Saturday to
teach the anglers of Glen Ellen a trick or
two in trout fishing.
The following letter from Commodore
James Wftutt, is self-explanatory:
James A. Pariser fished the Calaveras Creek
last Sunday wiih very i oor success; in W,
he admitted that he aid not get one n ;lx—
fishermen, as a rule, are not quite so truthful
as Mr. Pariser— but then, this is his first sea
son. Mr. Pariser tried all kinds of bait, such
as worms, shrimps, chubs, meat and salmon
roe (prepared by John Butler, the salmon-roe
specialist) and still he failed to get a fish. He,
however, succeeded in procuring a coon, which
folipwed him along the stream for miles, prob
ably attracted by the variety of bait which he
carried with him. Pn riser tried to hook the
coon several times, but eventually had to ask
\\ ill Bain, a companion, to dispatch him,
which Bain did.
Pariser brought the coon to town Monday
morning, saying that he had a friend who un
derstood cooking coons, and that he would
have coon steaks, coon roasts, coon stews, etc.,
for the balance of the week.
Mr. Pariser has not been seen at his office or
around town for the past few days, but as he
lives in Alameda, his friends on this side ot
the bay have not learned the cause of his ab
sence.
BASEBALL.
J!m Corbett Will Play First Base
With the Pacifies at the Presidio.
Lovers of good baseball will be treated
to a first-class game to-morrow (Sunday)
afternoon at the Presidio athletic grounds
between the Pacifies and Californians.
Judging from the makeup of the teams
it is safe to say that a close and excitine
game will result. The champion pugilist
of the world, James J. Corbett, will nlay
first base, and if he succeeds in hitting
the leather as hard a smash as he gave
Tom Sharkey in the first round of his
ficht, when he raised a shanty over
Tom's right optic, it will needs be a pretty
high fence to stop the ball from taking a
dip in the ocean.
Corbett is, however, a pretty good ball
player and will doubtless make a most
favorable impression on the spectators as
a batsman.
The line up is as follows:
FACIFICS- PO3ltiOn CALIFORNTAS.
Ham mond Catcher BoUie
McCartv Pitcher Klopf
Corbett First base Mullen
Beckett Second base..., shea
Gulmell Third base Zies
Monahan Shortstop Mct'ord
Muller Left field Bruce
Wildsor Strle Center field Buckley
McDermott Right field Cannon
To-morrow the initial games of the Cali
fornia Baseball League champions tip
series wiil be played at the new grounds,
Sixteenth and Folsom streets, in this
City, and at the park in San Jose. At
the latter place the San Joses will meet
the Stockton team.
The Folsom-street grounds are splend
idly equipped. There is a neat and com
modious grand stand built in a semi
circle and so arranged that everything
that taKes place on the field can be plainly
seen from every seat.
The grounds themselves have been pre
pared regardless of expense. Nothing that
would contribute to the smoothness and
general utility of their make-up has been
omitted. A convenient and fully fitted up
dressing-room for the players has also
been proviaeJ.
The opening game in this City will be
between the Oaklands and San Franciscos.
In the two clubs are many old-time favor
ites. Bill Brown of New York and Boston
fame will be seen on third base for the men
from across the bay. Rube* Levy, Pete
Sweeney and "Pop" Swett are among the
local gladiators. The new men are all
equally as capable as those mentioned.
The teams will be made up as fellows:
San Franciscob. Position. Oaklands.
P. Sweeney Third base Bill Brown
Smith Firsi b se Leonard
I'eers Catcher Scott or Davis
Kine S Shortstop Arlett
Ed m!th.... Second base Tilson
B. Levy Left field Zana
J. Khen Center field Delraas
M. Murphy Right field Agnews
Coon ey or Iburg Pitcher Kelly or Russel
THE OARSMEN.
Crews That Will Not Take Part In
the Stockton Regatta.
To-morrow at 12:30 o'clock at tne foot
of Chestnut street, Alameda, the Ala
meda Boating and Swimming Club will
have a rowing regatta.
It has completed all preparations for
the event, and the original entry list, as
appeared exclusively in Sunday's Call,
still remains intact.
The offic/als of the day's sport are as fol
lows: Referee, Al Rodgers; judges, J. A.
Sansom and A. Schumacher; timer, J.
Conro; marshal, F. Mundwyler; starter,
S. W. Creigh.
Rowing is enjoying an era of prosperity
at the Aiameda Club. At present they
have not enough boats to satisfy the row
ing propensities of the members, and will
soon place orders lor many new boats.
Following is a list of applicants for mem
bership at the next regular meeting: P.
Steinmeitz, Samuel Marston, Roger Chev
elier, Louis Chevelier, Walter Canning
and James Scott.
From present indications it looks as if
the Stockton regatta on July 4 will be
robbed of one of its most important fea
tures. A senior four-oared barge race, in
which were entered the South End crew
(the champions of the coast), the Stockton
Giants, and a crew from the Pioneer Row
ing Club, was down on the programme,
but it is very doubtiul if it will take place.
The Pioneer and South End crews have
stopped training, but the Stockton crew is
still smashing away at the oars, and in the
event of neither of the local crews lining
up the Stockton crew will claim the race
by default.
The management of the regatta had
counted on this race as one of the draw
ing cards, and the Stockton people were
more than anxious to see the crew from
their city line up with the local cham
pions.
But the home oarsmen say "nit," they
won't row for a cup; but tnis seems to be a
case of 'possum. The same crews have
rowed for cups before, and there is no rea
son why they should refuse to race again.
There are many who think that the local
men are actually afraid of the Stockton
crew and don't liKe to tackle it in its pres
ent condition, for the Stockton boys are
known to be in great form, while the
barge crews here are comparatively in no
form at all.
DupHssea, the stroke of the South End
crew, will row a single-scull race before
going into the barge event, and the rest of
the crew, it is thought, are afraid to row
the race, thinking that Duplissea will be
too pumped out and in no condition to put
up a speedy stroke.
The South End Club at its recent meet
ing tried hard to induce the boys to row,
regardless of defeat or victory, and offered
to pay their expenses while at Stockton,
Dut Captain MacArtuur said that they will
row on September 9 only.
The Pioneer crew had been training
hard, but when the club said it couldn't
afford to pay the boys' expenses at Siock
ton, the crew quit work.
John T. Sullivan, the shoe-dealer, came
to the rescue and offered to pay all the
crew's expenses and put up $500 besides
that they could defeat either the South
End or Stockton crews, but the Pioneers
had knocked off training for a week, and
they say they didn't like to risk a defeat
owing to lack of condition.
This is just the reason why the Fourth
of July committee will have nothing to do
with rowing regattas, as it cannot depend
upon the oarsmen to train properly and
race when the time comes for business.
The senior single scull event will have
to be rowed in boats, owing to the large
entry list, and the narrowness of the
Stockton Channel.
McCausland is rowing better now than
when He rowed at El Carapo, and sa^s if
he wins he will immediately get to work
for his race with Johnson at the coning
Victoria regatta.
Duplissea is working like a beaver, *nd
his left wrist, which failed him in the El
Campo race, has been materially strength
ened by the use of wrist machines.
Jim Wilson and Bob Ellis, the Aries'
skiff men, are in excellent form, and if
the club enters J. R. Bockmanu or N. J.
Prendergast in the junior outrigger skiff
event, it will be well represented at Sto n
ton, and ought to carry off the lion's shire
of the prizes.
In spite of the fact that the Pioneers aid
South End clubs will not have t c pleas
ure of seeing their respective senior crevs
settling an old grudge tliey expect just 13
much rivalry to exist in the junior four
oared race.
Jack Coughlin has been training regu
larly for this regatta from the Dolphin
Boat Club, and as he is their only entry he
is receiving considerable encouragement
irom his club mates, Coughlin has de
feated S. J. Pembroke of the Alameda
Club, and at present ho is the champion
skiff rower of the coast, and will have con
siderable bacKing to win at Stockton.
An accident happened to C J. Flanders'
launch just as she was about to pull out
on her trip up the river.
Ever since the engine was set in place
Flanders could not <;et it to work properly.
He was about to return the en. me East,
where it was built, and get a new one when
George Wood bury, a 16-year-old boy and
an inventor of an electric bike and builder
of an engine and boiler, examined it and
in a very few hours all was sunshine, for
he s;ot the engine in good working order
and was taken along on the trip to act as
chief engineer. Ho will undoubtedly run
the launch in the launch race at the Stock
ton regatta.
THE GUN.
Poachers Killing Doves and Deer
In Marln and Mendocino.
To-morrow the Empire Gun Club will
hold its monthly inanimate target contests
at Alameda Point, and on the same day
the inter-club team shoot will be decided
on the Empire grounds.
The Pacific Tournament Association,
which is composed of several gun clubs,
will meet on July 4 and 5 at its new
grounds, Alameda Point. Clarence A.
Haight is the general manager and Edgar
Foster has been appointed manager of the
shooting events. The programme of the
first day reads: A ten-bird race, en
trance 50 cents, four moneys; ten-bird
race. 75 cents entrance, six moneys and
$10 added; twenty-bird race, $1 entrance,
$15 added; twenty-bird race, club team
shoot of six men ; the final event will be a
twenty-bird race, entrance $1. The en
trance fee includes price of birds in each
event. In class shooting all ties will be
divided. Each team entry must consist
of members of a club in good standing. A
splendid lunch will be served on the
grounds and this fact al<>ne should guar
antee excellent shooting, as wnen the
"inner" man is made happy the "outer"
man should have his eye open to business.
In the second day of the tournament
there will be a ten, three fifteen-bird and
two twenty-bird races open, all of which
will terminate with a fifteen-bird club
team event. A first-class time is promised
all shooters and sportsmen who will be
present on this occasion.
On July 5 the California Wing Club will
meet at the old grounds of San Bruno,
where, in byjrone days, many close finishes
resulted in open shoots between men who
were in those times ranked as the leading
live-bird shots of the State.
Sportsmen will remember that on July
lit will be lawful to kill doves. The birds
are said to be very plentiful this year in
some parts of the Livermore Valley.
The season when male deer can 69 killed
will commence on July 15 and end on
October 15. Apropos of deer-shootlnsr, it is
NEW TO-DAY. .;
Ull Cure
Consumption
and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A.Slocum.M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the Doctor's letter in full for the benefit nt
our readers. There will be no mistake in smiling— th*
mistake will be in overlooking the generous offer— Kn.
DOCTORJWEANY
This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions. Ex-
hausting drains of YOUN3. MIDDLE-
AGED AND OLD MEN. Gleet, Gonor-
rhoea, Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Blad-
der, Blood and Skin diseases, and all con-
stitutional and internal troubles promptly
cured. If you can't call, write at once.
Hours, 9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8
P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. Address
Fl QWFAMV II fl 7:57 Market St.,
. L. UHLAN!, m. U., San Francisco, Cal.
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A- SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., s F.
SEf |Q0 DISEASES
ft lH WAYNE'S
HißHura niMTiinrt
ABSOLUTELY CUBES. OINTMENT
1-oe simple application of "Swimfi Onmnirr" wttho*
»ny Internal medicine, win enre any cue of Trtter, Salt
Bl»eum,Kingirorm,Plle«,lt«h,Sore«.Plnipleii.Kr7ilpel»»,*<fc
BO matter how obstinate or lon«itan4iac. Si**-» br liruceista.
tr rot bi mail tor 50 ett. s Boki, $I.M Addreu, oZ
egATn*Bo»,FhU«delrlam t r^ AU>oar to«Ut fetfe
elixir of vriUlvl
The pur« essential extract from the native ing. Con-
tarns all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without ! t» noxious elements. No sickness cf rtoraachi
no Tomlt.ag ; no costivencss ; no headache. All Druggist*hoped by many sportsmen who observe
the game laws as true sportsmen should,
that the Fish and Game Commissioners
will deputize a{ least one ot their deputies
to scour the hills of Marin County, be
tween San Rafael and Petaluma, as quite
a number of deer have been killed during
the past two weeks. A letter from a mem
ber of the Sportsman's Club of Point
Arena to the sporting editor of The Call
states that campers near the Gnalala
River have been killing a number of deer
during tbe past month, ana that one party
of six men slaughtered twenty-six deer in
one week just for the fun of killing them.
The club has employed a constable to visit
the camps, and if any deer meat is found
in the possession of the "pleasure-hunters"
the Doachers wiil be made to pay dearly
for their sport.
The season for the killing of grouse and
mountain quail will commence on the
IMb, of August and end on the 15th of
February.
Markat-hunters are killing young ducks
in the tules about the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers. But as there are no
officers detailed to protect the game, the
slaughter will go merrily on.
It is well known that deer when hard
pressed will often take to water, and stags
sometimes come to bay in a depth suffi
cient to bother hounds, but not too deep
to allow of free play for the antlered head.
But the doe pursues different tactics. She
will crouch under water until only her
nostrils are above the surface, and thereby
entirely battle the pack unless a keen-eyed
huntsman detects the ruse.
The following is self-explanatory:
Reliance Clttb, June 26, 1896.
Editor Cal: The regular shoot of the Re
liance Gun Club, which was to have taken
place on Sunday. July 5, has been postponed
uutil Sunday, July 12. Yours, etc,
R. C. Elder, Secretary.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Notes of the Game From Home
and Foreign Fields.
Never before has cricket advanced with
such ftiant strides in America as it has this
Feast i. From New York, Philadelphia
and other centers an avalanche of news
has reached us, showing the greatly in
creased interest in the same.
W. R. Gilbert, a cousin of W. G. Grace,
is now engaged as a professional by the
Montreal Club.
At Philadelphia, on the 13th inst., two
matches were played for the local cham
pionship, tbe Germanrown defeating the
Pelmont eleven by 206—122, while the
game between tne Merion and Philadel
phia clubs remained unfinished. The
Merions made 325, and the Ph,iladelphias
had scored 46 for three wickets.
The Harvard College team sailed from
Philadelphia, Pa., for Europe June 13, on
the steamer Belgeuland. The team in
cluded J. A. Lester, captain; D. H. Adams,
C. R. Hincnman, J. H. Scatter? od, L. H.
Wood, C. H. Howson, A. B.'M:iSin, T.
"Wistar. A. F. Cocoa, A. C. Thomas, C. G.
Tatnall, A. M. Collins, A. G. Scattergood
and A. Haines. Henry Cope, a graduate,
is to act as manager of the team. Fourteen
games have been scheduled abroad, the
tour opening June 29, 30 at Cheltenham,
with the Cheltenham college team, and
terminating August 24, when the visitors
will play an eleven of Cambridge Univer
sity at Cambridge, England.
A team of colored cricketers contended
with the first eleven of the Manhattan
Club at Prospect Park, Brooklyn, and by
their dilatory tactics in sending their men
into bat, wasted time, and co succeeded
in turning a virtual defeat into a drawn
game. The Manhattan team declared
•their innings closed after securing 138 for
5 wickets. The colored team had lost 9
wickets for 71 at the call of time.
W. G. Grace went in first and carried his
bat out for 243 of a total of 483, made by
Gloucestershire against Bussex, May 25,
26, 27, at Brighton, Eng., it being the
twelfth time that the champion batsman
has scored 200 and over in an inning of a
first-class match.
Bicycle riders have encroached so much
on the space reserved for cricket at Pros
pect Park,' Brooklyn, N. V., as to materi
ally interfere with" the game. A petition
na.« been signed by thousands of lovers of
ti.e game asking the Park Commissioners
to abate the nuisance.
Gerald Herbslet, the actor and ex-mem
ber of the Lake County team, is now in
England and keeping wicket for the Folk
stone Cricket Club.
C. W. Lawrence, formerly of the Ala
medas and now captain of the Portland
(Or.) Cricket Club, has sent a challenge to
the Pacifies for a match on the Portland
ground toward the end of the season.
I hear that J. J. Moriarty has resigned
from the Alameda Club and has applied
to the association for permission to.play
with the Bohemians.
The cup matches to be played to-morrow
are : Alamedas vs. Pacifies at Alameda and
Bohemians vs. California at Golden Gate.
Umpire.
Coursinf?.
Tbe following is the result of the draw
ing which was held last night for Sunday's
coursing at Ingleside park :
I. C. Cohen's Captain Jim vs. Villa kennel's
Electric, J. Sullivan's Little Tom vs. Dillon &
Reilly's Bill Nye, D. Tweedy 's White Rustic vs.
D. Tolan's Twilight, J. Bradahaw's Famous vs.
D. Tolan's Fireman, A. Merril's Tommy Hall
va. J. Bradshaw's Ma Belle, P. Gorman's
Pomino vs. Dillon & Reilly's Queen B, W.
Dalton'B Reilly Grannan vs. T. Godson's Corte
Maoera, T. Butler's Susie vs. W. Dalton's Sally
McClellan, D. Tolan's Loner John vs. P.
Rush's Miss Brummell, Cronin &, Mc-
Donald's Reliance vs. J. Treacy's Crap,
f'ronan & McDonald's Rosa B vs. Villa kennel's
Bonnie Lass, P. Ryan's Maepie vs. P. Gorman's
Kingston, A. Moor's Monitor vs. J. Moran's
L'ncle Sam, S. Leeman's Nelly C vs. P. Gorman's
Wave, J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy vs. A. Mer
rill's Snow Bird, E. Campbell's Cocktail vs. C.
C. Griswold'a Great Scott, J. Larkey's Spinaway
rs. W. Benchley's John W; J. Larkey's True
Blue vs. I. C. Cohen's Living Yet. J. Mizner's
Typewriter vs. Dillon & Reilly's Sunol, E.
Price's Jumper \s. D. Dunlea's Evening Star.
Mr. Grace will judge and J. F. Grace
will handle the slips.
Prizeß-$25. $15, $10, $5 and $3.
Handball Games.
The following is the programme of
pame9 arranged by Colonel John Patrick
Francis Riordan for the San Francisco
handball court to-morrow:
D. Rodgers and P. Ryan vs. G. McDonald and
M. McNeil; J. Collins and W. Stansbury vs. li.
Murphy and M. Edwards; J. McEvely and P.
Connolly vs. J. Slattery and P. Kelly; R. Leni
han and J. Feeney vs. P. Donnelly and J. C.
Kealon; J. Riordan, coast champion, Lid Al
Hampton of the Olympic Club vs. J. Harlow
and J. Lawless.
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 25.— The shoot of
the Capital City Gun Club on Sunday will end
the trap-shooting of tbe season for this
locality. Last Sunday the Spoonbills held
their concluding match, the result beinij that
J. F. Fitzgerald won out with a score of 23.
The season's scores foot up as follows: Fitz
gerald 105, Thomas 104, Eckhardt £7, Soule
97, Cnapman 94, Damm 93, Steigler 90, C.
floor 89, Grubler 87, L. Morrison 85, Wormer
69, Bohn 66, Shore 61, Schwartz 59.
Eckhardt, Shore, Warner and Schwartz did
not participate in all the matches.
Considerable preparation is being made for
the opening of the dove season on July 1, al
though the cold weather, lasting as it did un
til the beginning of June, has made the sea
son late. The birds are still nesting in Sacra
mento, Yolo and San Joaquin counties, and
very few of the'young birds will be able to fly
when the season opens, and It is feared Unit
the killing of the old birds will injure the late
shooting. A sportsman from Placer County
reports that the birds began nesting early in
that vicinity and will be full fledged by the
middle oi July.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold a live-bird
Bhoot on July 4 and several of the local talent
v, ill attend.
The Capital City Wheelmen have been prac
ticing hard for their track race with the Ter
minal City Wheelmen of Stockton, to come off
on the 4th, and will have a try-out on Sunday.
Leslie Young, one of the men who will ride in
the relay race, made a mile in 1:57, Zeigler's
record on the same track made two years ago
being 1 :5O, setting the record at that time. It
is expected thai there will be several hundred
wheelmen in line at the Capitol City Club's
'•lantern parade" to-niKht.
The Sacramento angler*, have become dis
gusted at their non-success on the trout
streams, and are scouring the neighboring
sloughs in search of blue cats. A large party
will make an excursion down the river on Sun
day for that purpose.
Tne lawn tennis tournament which was to
have been held in this city next Saturday has
been declared oft".
Game Warden Helms is laying for poachers
in the tules of Yolo County. These poachers,
who are Japanese, Italians and Portuguese,
are in the habit of going into the tules in
duck-boata and chasing down young ducks
which are as yet unable to fly. Helms has
spent considerable time in the tules of late,
but as yet has been unable to catch the van
dals in the act. Rutherfokd.
Maryavllle Sportinsr News.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., June 26.— Two years
ago in July the members of the Yuba,andSut
ter Gun Club entertained their friends with a
"dove stew" at Sheltons Grove. Pretty nearly
everybody in the two counties pretending to
know the difference between a hammerless
shotgun and a hole in the ground was there.
It was a great event— one of those rare occa
sions when every man loves his neighbor even
batter than himself. Just the mention of it is
sufficient to arouse a tender feeling of enthu
siasm even to this day. The gun club proposes
to repeat the affair tUis season, and July 19
has been selected as the date. The subscrip
tion list is now going the rounds, and as soon
as it has completed the circuit invitations will
be issued and other necessary formalities gone
through. There will be trap-shooting at live
birds and bluerocts, and it is expected that a
number of sportsmen will be present from Sac
ramento, San Francisco and other places ai a
distance.
The first section of the new bicycle path has
been completed. It is ten feet in width, a mile
and a half in length and runs along the sub
urban streets of the northern and western part
of the city. Work will be resumed soon after
the early fall rains and the path will be ex
tended to four and possibly seven miles before
tne opening of another cycling season. The
association now has a membership oi sixty and
is in a prosperous condition.
The Entre Nous Cycling Club is the latest or
ganization. It is composed of sixteen young
ladies, and their appearance on the streets
during the past week in uniforms of white and
blue attracted considerable attention.
There is some talk of laying out new base
ball grounds here. During the time when in
terest in the game was languishing Snowflake
Park, with its fences and buildings, was torn
down and the lots offered for sale. Now that
baseball is again popular the necessity of new
grounds and special accommodations is being
discussed and may very likeiy result in some
thing.
The "No Names," a nine of colored players
ot this city, went over to Colusa yesterday to
E. Valentine, a Business Man of Juneau. Who Says the Alaska Miners Have Suf
fered No Hardships During the Ten Years He Has Lived in That Country.
cross bats with the colored boys of that place.
Bardwell's "Free Silver" nine will probably
play in Nevada City on the Fourth of July.
They also have engagements to try conclu
sions with Coiusaand Biggs clubs.
Doves are said to be very plentiful this year
and local sportsmen are anxiously awaiting
next Wednesday for the opening of the season.
Santa Rosa Sporting News.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Juno 25.— Henry and
Ben Noonan, Roy Smith, George Felix, James
Near and J. Plunkett are training at the bi
cycle track for the Fourth of July races at
Petaluma. The track is far from fast at pres
ent, but will be pui into fine condition after
July 1, and some amateur records are likely to
be smashed.
On Sunday last Williamson went the mile in
2:03 3-5. He was paced by the Noonan
brothers on a tandem and timed by Captain
Kamage, L. W. Burns and Harry Booker. The
Wheelmen's Club tooK a night run to Fulton
Tuesday nif;ht, a distance of eleven miles.
They made the run up in 20 minutes and the
return trip in 21 minutes.
Frank A. Brush, cashier of the National
Bank of this city, is an enthusiastic sports
man, as well as a breeder of fine birds. His
latest experiment in breeding is with the
Chinese pheasant. They are the ring-necked
variety known as the "Denny pheasant," and
were brought here from Oregon. The hens
wasted no time after their arrival, but com
menced laving their quarterly nest of fifteen
eggs. These have been set under domestic
hens and the chicks are expected shortly.
The youug birds will te used to stock the
Brush ranch of 6000 acres in Mendocino
County. Mr. Brush says that the valley
would be an ideal place for the "Chinaman,"
were it not for the pot hunter and small boy.
The Board of Supervisors will bo asked to pass
a stringent protection law, and a club formed
for the purpose will endeavor to stock this
valley with these fine game birds.
Viegil Mooee.
. m
Portland Sporting News
PORTLAND, 08., June 26.— The first of a
series of pleasure boat races for the Fetjr
novice challenge medal was rowed Wednesday
evening over the Willamette Rowing Club's
half-mile course. Girard won in a field of
five. The starters were Girard, Holman. Gor
don, Blumlein and Mackenzie, and it was a
close and exciting race from start to finish.
The postponed Zigzag Club's century road
race to Salem and return takes place to
morrow.
The Stanford University Club of Portland
has been organized by ex-students of the
university. The following officers were elected :
Prasident, Thomas Pomeroy; vice-president,
R. J. O'Neill; secretary and treasurer, T. A.
Marquam. The executive committee includes
the officers and C. F. Frazier and F. A. Rasch.
Manager Strobe! of Tacoma Baseball Club
and his team have Rone to their homes in Ohio
and Michigan. Ue is the only manager in the
new Pacific league.
A pool match was played between M. Can
field and "The Portland Wonder." Canneld
was given the victory at 150 points to the
Wonder's 148, because the Wonder made the
ball played lor and did not call it, and Can
field shot next and made the two points.
THE DIVE MUSIC.
It Will Not Be Heara in Future After
Midnight.
The request of the Grand Jury for the
closing of the dives after midnight was
complied with yesterday by the Health
and Police Committee of \ the Board of
Supervisors. As amended the ordinance
reads as follows:
It shall be unlawful for any person to fur
nish or play music in any saloon, dance-house,
barroom or drinking place, between 12 o'clock
midnight and 6 o'clock a. m. , provided that the
Mayor shall have authority to issue a permit
for the giving of any entertainment, exhibition
or ball by any dramatic or literary association,
society, club or beneficial organization, to
which exhibition, entertainment or ball the
provision of this section shall not be applicable.
A woman's detention room in the new
municipal building is desired by the
"Woman's Federation." The request was
referred to the building committee,'
» < »
Fourth-Street Pavement.
The merchants and members oi the Fourth- I
street Improvement Club have petitioned the
Board of Supervisors "to replace the present
disgraceful cobbles of Fourth street with ap
proved paying."
McKi.vucY's inconsistencies. See to-day's
Star. * '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
HARDSHIPS IN
ALASKA A MYTH,
Miners Do Better Than
They Could Any
where Else.
NONE COME OUT BROKE
So Says E. Valentine, Who Has
Lived at Juneau for the
Last Ten Years.
ONLY FOUR HAVE PEEISHED.
A Dollar Apiece for Letters to the
Yukon Mines — Sixty Wcmen at
Forty-Mils Camp.
E. Valentine, who has lived in Juneau,
Alaska, for the last ten years and has vari
ous business interests there, says that the
miners in that region, and particularly in
the Yukon gold fields "beyond the divide,"
have not suffered hardships.
He arrived from Alaska yesterday with
his wife and P. Narine, a miner who has
come to San Francisco for special treat
ment for his eyes, which were seriously in
jured in an explosion in tbe Mexican
mine on April 3 that killed one man and
injured four others.
The accident was caused by a miner
striking with his pick a stick of dynamite
that had failed to explode along with a
number of others grouped for a blast set
off a short time before.
"During all the years I have lived in
Juneau," said Mr. Valentine yesterday at
the Grand, "I never had a miner ask me
for anything to eat. It is wrong to sup
pose that they have suffered. With two
exceptions, Ido not think I ever saw a
man return to Juneau from 'beyond the
divide' with less than $50. And I have
seen miners come in with dust worth from
that amount all the way up to $40,000 or
$50,000.
"The two men that came out broke were
a couple of fellows I staked. They baa
bad luck. Their water-wheels were car
ried away in a freshet and they lost what
they had.
"The fact that the miners always go
back again speaks well for the Yukon
region. All of them do better than they
could in the same time anywhere else.
"Only four men have perished on that
trip since I have been in the country.
Two were old men in a party of four.
They became exhausted and lay down
and died. That was on tbe Hootelinka
river, about five years ago. Their sons
came out from Kansas some time after to
collect the bones, and buried them to sat
isfy tbe widows. The other two perished
early in February of this year, up near
Lake Teslin. The two Indian guides had
to abandon the white men in order to save
themselves, and as it was they killed and
ate their dogs before they were overtaken
by auother party. One of the unfortunate
men was a journalist, formerly employed
on the Alaska News.
"Twelve hundred people have gone
through Juneau in the last year bound for
the Yukon region. There must be 3000 or
4000 miners up there now. At the Forty
mile Camp there are sixty women. They
are getting modern conveniences up
there — billiard-tables and such things.
"Joe Cooper of Fortyrmile Camp was
down here a little while ago and bought a
saloon outfit. He said it would be worth
$40,000 when he got it home. He probably
paid about $500 for it here.
"A man came into Juneau the other day
with seventy-six pounds of gold dust, the
reault of two seasons in the Yukon region.
"Mail-carriers get $1 apiece for carrying
letters between Juneau and the Yufcon
mines. They usually malre up a package
of about 500 letters for a trip.
"Tbe miners that will stay in the region
can work up till the middle of October, but
those that are coming out will have to
quit work a month earlier in order tocross
the divide before the heavy snows.
"Juneau ia just as good a country aa I
want to live in. I like it as well as any
place I have ever seen, it rains a good
deal. The average rainfall is nine feet a
year. There is a fine miners' hospital
there conducted by Sisters of Charity.
The population is 3000, although most of
tbe men are away just now at Hundum, a
mining region sixty miles south of Juneau,
and at Berner's Bay, forty miles to the
north.
"The Basin mine, about four miles back
from Juneuu, is a good-paying invest
ment. There are four stamp mills there,
and a good deal of placer mining is done.
"On an island a mile across the channel
from Juneau is the great Treauwell mine
that paya $750,000 in dividends each year."
Mr. Valentine owns the steamer J. R.
Roberts, conducts the People's wharf, is a
member of the merchandise firm of Mat
thews, Valentine & Co., owns a jewelry
store and is treasurer of the Juneau Fire
Department. He will probably remain
here a month, as this i-s his first visit to
Ban Francisco.
Studies in Microscopy.
Announcement has been made oi courses in j
applied microscopy to begin on the 6th prox.
at 432 Montgomery street. The courses will
be given under the auspices of Gustav Eisen,
Ph.D., department of biological microscopy
and technique; R. H. Freund, clerical and
sanitary microscopy; Frank If. Green, Ph.G.,
forensic microscopy and adulterations; George
Otis Mitchell, microscopy and photo-micros
copy; John C. Spencer, M. D., normal and
pathological human anatomy.
JR. O. U. A. M.
The Sleeting of the National Council
In Denver a Few Days
Ago. : . .':,-:, : .
Henry C. Schaertzer of this City, State
Councilor of the Junior Order .of
United : - American Mechanics, returned
yesterday from attendance at the National
Council at Denver. ' The convention met
in that city June 16, with National Coun
cilor C. W. Tyler of ' Richmond, Va., in
the chair. The delegates from Jthe coun
cils of this State were D. S. Stanley, S. J.
Thiesen, George E. Terry, and Henry C.
Schaertzer as delegate at large. :.
From the reports submitted to the Na
tional Council it was learned that up to
the year ending December 31, 1895, the or
der numbered 166,833 members, which was
a gain of 13,141 for the year. This State
has 31 councils, with membership of 2950,
a gain of 7 councils and 1750 members for
the year.
During 1895 $467,138 10. had been paid
out in benefits and relief— s6o,7o6 more
than during the previous year. 'There is
now in the treasuries of subordinate coun
cils $1,432,636 52— a gain of $102,684 79 for
the year. ■;*>.:
The greatest State membership is in
Pennsylvania, which has 80,434, and New
Jersey is next, having 23,788; Maryland
has 14,964 and Ohio 14,089. •
The orphan asylum of the order at
Tiffin, Ohio, is almost ready for occupancy.
Its institution will cost over $100,000.
From time to time additions will be made
when needed. The institution is man
aged by a board of rive trustees, each under
a bond of $25,000. be municipal authori
ties of Tiffin donated the asylum a tract of
park land and remitted the taxes on the
entire establishment.
The new National officers are: Professor
P. A. Shauerof Slstersville, W. Va., coun
cilor; Joseph Powell of Denver, Colo.,
vice-councilor; Edward S. Deemer of
Philadelphia, secretary; J. Adam So hi of
Baltimore, treasurer; F. C. Borden of
Holden, Mo., National organizer.
The next session of the National Council
will be held in Pittsburg, and it is be
lieved that the session of 1899 will be held
in this City. However, it will rest with
the railroad companies. All of the dele
gates east of Denver received generous
special rates, but those west got no con
cessions from the transportation com
panies that dominate the Pacific Coast.
WONG SAM GOES FREE.
Judge Wallace Thinks Interpreter Wil
liams Is Persecuting Him.
Wong Bam, a Chinaman, accused of per
jury by Richard Williams, the Chinese in
terpreter, was yesterday dismissed by
Judge Wallace. Sam is one of the princi
pal witnesses against Williams, against
whom a criminal charge is pending in the
Federal Court.
• — * — ■»
Police Commissioners.
The Board of Police Commissioners met last
evening and dismissed John \V. Hamerton
from the force. The officer was found off his
beat emerging from a house in which he had
remained nearly an hour. He had been on
the force fifteen years.
The charge of neglect of duty against James
Nyhara was dismissed.
NEW TO-DAY.
WHY IT_ CURES.
Reasons for the Phenomenal Cures
\ Reported by Patients. Using Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt. Nona
Too Sick and None Too Well to ;
Be Aided by This Wonderful
Remedy. . .-f ::
NlI/P^ *DrSandens^
So get beneSt ~'~ffe An Electrl
froui Kleetrittt- cUEV^ Belt is useless ;
ty it mim t be sE^£ unless the
applied In a "~l~ti--V- current c»n
steady contlnu- '^W "-jf^ controlled, ;
ous current. Dr. 'h^tm^.'* Dr. Sanden's |
Banden's Belt v ; Belt is the
gives it. only one mad*
with a regu-
lator.
Why It Cures.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt iniuses a contlnu.
Btia flow of electricity Into the body for hours :
at a time. Every moment that the Belt is. on
the body its sparkling, vitalizing powers aro
felt penetrating the nerve tissues, filling them j
with new life, new, healthy vigor, and charg- j
ing the blood with the vital force which nature
in childhood bestowed upon the body. I When
the Kidneys, Liver, Stomach, Heart, Nerves
and Blood are charged with this life they throw
off disease and regain their healthy state. In
this way Dr. Sanden's Belt has cured thousands.
Why Medicine Fails.
Drugs are— like whisky, only a temporary :
stimulant, a Dlind by which the weakened or- i
gans are put in a stupor to quiet their craving '<
for help; a temporary tonic which braces them
up for a short time and deserts them finally,
leaving them worse than before taking. This
is true of all drugs used to renew vitality. It i
does not renew strength because there is no
element in medicine to restore the power to ;
the nerves, upon which all vital organs live.
That nerve power is electricity. That is why
Dr. Sanden's Beit Cures.
The following are extracts from letters recently
received :
"I am a laboring man and for many years was a
sufferer from seminal weakness, which debilitated
me to a great extent, and up to tbe time I pur-
chased your Belt I was so weak that on many
occasions I would have to give up my work.. I
wore the Belt * continuously at night for tbree
months, and at the end of that time I was well and
strong. 1 cannot say too much in praise of your
Belt, and do not intend to part with mine the rest
of my lite, for it will make any man rest well."—
P. 11. Gale, lndio, Cal. -
"I would like to add my testimony to numerous
others In possession of Dr. Sand»a's Meetric Belt
Company, I purchased a .No, 7 Belt from Dr.
Kanden about the Ist of April, which I used ; ac-
cording to directions, and after three months' trial
I am hai>py to state that my varlcocele, which was
of twelve years' standing, is almost entirely dis-
appeared, my testicles belli? almost normal. I
take great pleasure in recommending this Belt to
any one suffering from like trouble. Hespectfully
yours, W. K. Johns, 1139 Market street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal." . . . .
"The Belt I got from you a little over a month
a','o is all you claim for it. It has done what no
other remedy would do fn my case. Thanking
you most sincerely, I remain respectfully yours,
Kichard Holmes, Soldiers' Home, '.Los Angeles
County, Cal." -, • • . ..
It Will Cure You, No Matter
How Bad Your Case.
None are too well to be aided : by this won-
.derful appliance, as it brings the human body
as near the goal of perfection in vital force
as it ever can get. None are too low to be
Aided by it, as it can take as a foundation th«
smallest spark of vitality and build upon it the
fullest' perfection of vigorous manhood. If
you are weak, sick, or crippled, see this Belt at
once, and a test of its power and a look at the
volume after volume of proof of its cures will
convert yon to the altar of nature's truths, and
health will be yours from this Wonderful ap-
pliance. • ■ ;. .... - -,...
" Three Classes of Men " is Dr. Sanden's cele-
brated work on the development of youthful
manhood. A pocket edition can be had free at
the office, 631 Market street, or by mail upon
application. It gives full description and price
list. Call or address ■ ; ■
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., f
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; » i. v, to
8:30 P. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
: . OFFICES AT: »
I.OS ANGELES, CAL., I ■ PORTLAND, OR.,
'201 Boata Broadway. j 258 Washington street.
NEW TO-PAT. ~>
EXCURSION AMD AUCTION SALE!
>, , fnnin i\ sir
l^s=s£^^?V__ 1 IIIS I) A I
I I^^^^^^^l^S^^^y Saturday Jane 27, 189G
'CnsvtjH*siilPiu"l i" "^FP^kV B H" r:^ t^\. At 1 °' clock p - ■ M- on the premises,
J at auction MURPHY STATION
e-/\ A '(?■ E> CCL °* the Choicest Land in the
i55v .. inLwlVL^ state of California. ,: -
sin 'ArDE'C' in l arid 2 ear old PRUNE,
Ott'AWKE*? APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In io~ACRE vp a d rd TRACTS
lU-/IWKC UPWARD "■■• 1 ."tvrlV^ 1 iZ?
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THE JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soli. Its prolific resources stand at
;he head of any district in this State. . ...
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the home-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a family resort wnere health combined with profit is at his command.
There are 10 pieces now planted in strong and thrifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries and Peaches. The balance of the land is famous for its luxurious growth of oak trees.
WHERE IT IS ,AND WHAT IT — About midway between San Jose and (Stanford University,
fronting the 8. P. R. B. ; 8 miles from tan Jose, 7 miles from Palo Alto, 4 miles from Mountain View,
iiifi at the Murphy Station. The soil is 40 feet deep, is alluvial sediment and the very cream of this
rich valley. This tract fronts on the main ban Francisco and £*an Jose boulevard, and is opposite the
magnificent prune orchard of V. M. Delmas. valued at $1000 per acre. • '' -' '
. To any and all persons wanting the best, richest and most productive land in this State this offering
:ertainiy presents that golden opportunity.
&"" : ~3i>^^g^^S^gJt'j . |^^^^*^?^^^> To M urphy Station, near Mountain View,
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June '-'7, 1896, stopping at Valencia-street Station, San Mateo, Redwood and ilenlo Park,
returning leave Murphy Station at 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day.
.00 KOUSD-TKir TICKKTigt 1.00. ' Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
rune 26. 1896. all day. and on Saturday, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9:30 o'clock A. M., and
it the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock A. M..,
!rom our representative. From other stations on the train, from San Mateo, lleiiwood and Menio
Lark. round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds. •'• - - -
TJER3IS— One-Fourth Cash, balance in 1, "A and 3 years, interest 8% per annum.
EASTOJf, ELDRIDGE & CO., Anctioneers, 688 Market St.,
Or WOOSTER & WHIT TON, Real Estate Agents,
,'h 7 West Santa Clara Street, San Jose.
R AH.ROAP TRAVELS
BIG REDUCTION E RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
FOnTUAgnP. OR.
SATUrtIJAY JUNE 27,
And Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
_„. ?. ' of Market at., at Bp. m.
Ar A n— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour.
dOiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In Cil fi- 00
Pullmanbtandard Sleeper. <uox U— .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*,
renders at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
fjSf- Through Tickets for Puget Sound
> points on Sale at Reduced Katei.
For farther Information anply at
018 MARKET STRKET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
I Gen. Traffic Mgr. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COJSrANt,
;;./. .. irAuinc BMXUL) , ...,.' .
TrAlm Icwv** nntl ni*e <lai<* to aktltq kI
man i i:a\cis< o.
j leave — From Jtrs-E7, 1596. — ; Aitr.ivn
"•0:00 a. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations ... 8:45 a
7:(><».\ Atlautio Express. Ogden and Kast.. *>4.-»»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacavilie, Rumsey. Sacrar
mcnto, Oroviile and Redoing via
Davis 6:4 5p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calis-
toga and Santa Eos* 6:13;
S::SOa Kiles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjaviilo and Hat
Bluff 4:l«i>
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:o<>a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.os Angeles 4:45p
9:Q(»a Martinez and Stockton 11:4.1 a
»:OOa. Vallejo 6:13r
l:OOp Nllcs, San Jose and Livermore ' 8:15 a
•I:OOp Sacramento Eiver Steamers.... •»:o(>p
:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations 45 *
4:ooi> Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, El Verano un£
1 ' I ■ Suutu 9:15 a
«iOOp Benicia, VacavlUe, Woodland, .
Knights Landing, Marjsvill,;-,
OroTille and Sacramento . . . .* 10:45 a
4i3orNi!e.i, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7il3p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11:40 la
5:0»p New Orleans Express, Fresno. Bakers*
Odd, Santa Harbara, Los Angeles,
iteming, El Paso, New Orleans ana
East 10:15 a
SiOOp Santa Vo Route, Atlantic Express
forMojave aud East 10:15 a
: siOOp Vallejo ■ 11:43 a
O:O» Kuropean Ma.l, Ogilen and ICast. ... 0:49 a
«:OOi> Ilaywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
t7:oopVaflejo ....; f7:lsp
I 7:00p Oregon Kxprew, Sacramento, Marjs-
! ville. Keildlng, Portland, Pnget .
| Sound and Kast 10:45 a
I SANTA t:iHIZ IH VISION (.\urrotT (inuge). '
" ! 17t45A Santa Cruz Excursion, fanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J9rl»3p
. Sil3a Newark,!. 'en terville,San.lo§e,Fel ton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations '... 5:50p
I ♦2:1 Newark, Ce-iterville, Sau Jose, Now
Almaden, Helton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations...;... "Ilj2oa
til 5 1- Newark, San .lose and Lob (1at08.... W>:S>Oa
| COAST I>I VISION (Tliinl * Toitiispiiil Ms.) "
•0:45 a Son Jose and Way Stations (New
' Almauen Wednesdays only) , 9:47 a
}7s3oa Sunday Excursion for San Josty «
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, anu
Principal Way Stations ..' IBtZSr
■■I San Joso, Tres Pinos, Nuiitu Cruz,
Jaolllc Grove, Paso Robies, Sao
I. nil Obispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations , 7rf)si-
-19:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3Oi>
lo:<ao,\ Sun Josoaiid Way Stations 5:O»r
I 1:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*2i3oi< San Mateo, Menlo Park. San Joas^
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cms,
Salinas,Monterey anil PacilicGrovu *IO:4Oa
■S;llOr San Jate, Paciiio Grove and Way ■*■■••■:
• Stations »1;30p
•4:3Ai> San Jose and Way Stations •M:OGa
8:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations •8:-4«*a
«i::n> i> San Joso and Way Stations «>::!."> \
Hl:lsp San Joio and Wav Stnlious V<:4s|-
SAX LKAMiKO A Jill HAVWAKI>s liUial.
i'O:OO\ 1 ~ ~ ( 7:13 a
8:00 a [ t»:45/.
.SI Melrose, Seminary Park, \^
'"loSp Fltchbnrg,SanLeaHdro *^Jg
£oo , nd J tig;
4:00p ' . "* 5:43r
Sue Harwards 6:1 5r
5:30p Maywaras. 7:J _ p
7:« Or . . '. j■" 8:43*
!»-oo!- » Runs tbinugh to mie». piolso?
ttll':lsp; tFromMleg. , - _ tHaioOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SAN FRiNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)-.
•7:16 9..10 11:00 a.m. }1:CO *2.-C0 J3:CC
' : •1:00 ' JB:OQ *6:00 p.M.
From 04EU5D— Foot of Brotd »it.— -0:00 M
, -10:00 a.m. JI3:CO. *1:00 $3:00 »3:CO J4:Ct
- *5:00i-.M.- ■: i • - ■ ■■ .- - ■ •
A for Horning. . P for Afternoon.
• .Sundays execpted. .' t Saturdays odl}'
1 Sundays only.
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturday* and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
V «..n.livi piri TVtn^c'.'-i fro— i ''-..ta « v,,» ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
•from San Francisco, > onim« nclug June 15, ' 1898.
"WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Bafael — 7:00. *8:00
*9:16 10:16, 11:45. "a. m. ; '1:45, 3 :20, 415,
k 6:15, *6:00. <-:S5 P.M. .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, "Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. v.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael -*8: 00. *9 00
•10:00, 11:30 a. m.;**lV:Zj. »l:30. *2:15, »400
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. it. £xtrit trip to Sauialitont
11 :00 a. M. ,-..■ :■■ - ;•:
Trains marked • run to San Qnentln. »*12:30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
• THKOUGH TRAINS. ■
_ For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a. it.
Saturdays: 9 a. m. Sundars; 5:15 p. it. weekdays.
■■ For Point Key on, Cazadero and way stations—
8:00 a. m. J3undays; l;4s_p. it. weekdays. -
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
SAPRWCO&KORTHPI.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tibuion Kerry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. x.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:39
and 11:30 p. if.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00, 6:20 p. it.
\ San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6: 1 -. 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:1 > .m. Saturdays— Extra trip
at 1 :65 p. jr. and 6:35 p. v.
j SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:aO, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. v. . . -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
. schedule as above.
.Leave ...-„. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. A p®" 2. I San Francisco. \
'Week I Son-. V Je , 1 t i? ! ?;, n _ Sun- I Wkkk
Days. | days, | destination. pAYa _ ( DAya>
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. i 7:30 Pm| 6:16 pm
Fulton, '.
7:80 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg, .
* Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am l Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pleta, j ~ : ~ j •-.
7:30 am Hopland & - 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am j Uklah. | 7:30 pm 6:15
7:30 am j ', ~ 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. . 7:30 pm
3:30 pm * 6:15 P*
7:30 7:80 am Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am
and - ■ " . ■'■ ■
5:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:3oam|7:3oam| a-tuMtarKA 10:40 am 10:10 am'
3:3opmls:oopm| seDaatopol - [ 6:05 | 6:15 Pit
Stages connect at Santa Bosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Slcaggs Springs: at
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Eartlett Springs; at
Uki-.th lor Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper I.»k»», Porno, Potter i
Valley. John Day's, Klversirte. Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvilie, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr*s Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Wsstport, "TJsnl, Willets, Canto, Co-
veio. Layionville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ...
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Bafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING. B.X. RYAN, ■.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RAILROAD . W^^^^^P
Trains leave from and arrive A?\sSsfoi^E^'SPj
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FB EXPKBSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex car* for
Denver and St. Louis. -
The PoDUlar BaNTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-dat3 upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The 'beat railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery;
Mid good meals in Harvey's dining-room*.
Ticket Ottice— G4t Market Street,
Chronic!.-. Building.
OCEAIf STEAMSHIPS:
S.S. CO. ff\ uilli™,,
OCEANIC SAMOA, f\ HONOLULU
HAWAII, SAMOA, |U HONOLULU
1 B NEW ZEALAND, f|. by
\Jf AUSTRALIA. \$ S.S. AUSTRALIA.
H. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneclai party rates.
.8. P. MA II" >• sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, Jury" 2;'
at ap. m • . ■ ' ... . . . ,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. . .
J. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts. •
■ • ;--.-.-. 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL T RAUfSATLAiITHjUB
French Lin** to Havre. "
COMPANY'sprEP. (NE W),42 NORTH JSnfft
\J River, foot of Morion st. Traveler* by G«*£a3
" this line avoid both transit oy English railway aoa
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, EgypU via Pari*
nrstrciassfltiO; second-class, *llti.
LA TOURAINE. Capt. Bantelll.. ..May 2:^ 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ......May \i3, 8 a. m.
hA GASCOGNE Ju c 20. 7 A- M,
LA AUK i.v.N,Hh. IM . July if 6A. X.
LA GA&OOONE July 25, 11a, jc
LA NOR VDIE :. August 1, 5 A. M.
LA BOURGOGNE. Cant. L*b >euf. .June 6, 7 a. st,
49" For further particulars apply m
„„ A. FORGET, Auent.
„ No. 3 Bos ins: oreen, New Yorle.
J. T. FUGAZI * CO, Agents. 5 Montgomery
»venue. San Francisco ■ •
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COIP.4W.
STEAMERS LEAVE A.SPINWALL /3+BU
fortnightly for the West Indies and -MSB
Southampton, calling en route at Ceroourgn.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. „.'-,•-
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacinc Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. ■ '
■ * Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
«i»«a. ■ $97 60. For further particulars apply to I
*<.>'■■ ABBOTT * CO., Agents,
• ' ' 80S California ■(,
itew to-day: : ,_ : -j.-
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY... JUNE 30. 1896
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM^ MARKET ST.
Pacific-Street Baainesa Property.
' S. line of Pacific, 21 feet W. of Jerome alley,
or about 111:6 feet W. of Montgomery street.
Two-story building: theater below; 12 rooms
above; rent $100 per month; cement stove side-
walk; lot 26x167:6.
i',x}, .; Howard-Street Residence. .
E. line (No. 2107) Of Howard street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth; large bay-window residence
of 10 rooms and bath; in elegant condition; choice
neighborhood: cement walk: basalt rock in street; :
Howard-street cars; lot 25x100 feet. ' ;■••.■■ ."-■
... Oak-Street Lot.
S. side of Oak street. 187.6 feet W. of Devisa-
dero; this choice building lot is surrounded by fine
buildings; but 1 blook from Golden Gate Park; ele-
gant lot for a home or for a builder to construct
French flats upon: street in splendid condition;
Cak-street cable and electric cars: lot 50x137:0
feet. • .
Western Addition French Flats.
Northeast cor. (No. 1242) of McAllister and
Steiner sis. Building comprises 2 French flats of
7 rooms and bath each. Brick foundation: base.'
ment. Choice location; everything in A 1 condi-
tion. Street bitnminized; stone walk. McAllla.er-
street cable. Large corner lot, 30x110 feet.
Kriilroatl Avenue ISuginess Property.
Building and lot (No. 1012), west line Railroad
aye., 26:8 feet north of Servia St., or 13th aye.
Large building, of saloon- and five rooms below
aud seven rooms above: large aud high basement
below. This is a business location. Street In
basalt stone. Klectric cars pass the property.
Large lot, 26:8x99:1 feet.
Mission Cottage, Near Market Street.
West line (No. 310) of Noe, 181 :6 feet ;sonth of
Market street. Handsome bay-window cottage of
five rooms and bath, conservatory, basement,
attic and stable. A pretty home. Must be sold.
Kxamine it. Castro-street cable. Lot 25x105
feet.
Holly Park Kesidence.
South line (No. 38) of West avenue, 150 feet
east of Patton street. Handsome bay-window
cottage of live rooms and bath, nearly new,
wash tubs and watercloset; brick foundation.
One block from Mission cars. Lot 25x1t7 feet.
Twenty-fourth Street Business
Lot.
N.lineof Twenty-fourth 5t.,97:6 feet W. of Treat
avenue. This lot is r*ady for building; good busi-
ness location: street in basalt rock; several elec-
tric roads; large lot 37 :6x100 feet.
Outside Land Block No. 1093.
8. side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R sL,
Thirtieth and Thirty-first ayes. ; 42 city lots.
Golden Gate Park Residence Lot.
W. line of Clayton, 37:6 feet S. of Page St.; all
ready for building; flue residences surround this
lot: one block only to Golden Gate Park; Halght,
Oak electric roads: lot 25x106:3 feet.
Holly Park Residence Lot.
S. line of Plymouth aye., 358:6 feet E. of Holly
st. and near Mission st.: pleasant surroundings; ,
street sewered and macadamized: lot ready for
building; Mission-st. electric-cars; lot 25x100 feet.
Richmond Residence Lot.
E. line of Twenty-fifth aye., 250 feet 3. of Point
Lobos aye.: lot ready for building: Twenty-flfth
aye. graded and macadamized; must be sold;
Sutro electric-road: lot 25x120 feet. '
EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
.': r ;\-.,; Auctioneers, .„
Salesroom 638 Market Street. "'
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
O. !E=l._ds3 3xr. •
ASTORIA AND PORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 8a115..... June ' 27, July 7, 17 and 2T
tuue of California sails. July 2, 12 and 2%
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. at
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
k\ F. coN :.<Jlt, General Agent,
630 Market street.
pianc coast steamship compact
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Second Class ■ 6SOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.. .I, '
' General Agents. .
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL BAIL FROM >££&.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as '« **Tf'
Sol lows: ' „
For Mary Island. Lorinsr. Wran^el. Jnnean. all-
llsiioo ana Bltka (Alaska), as. it a. St., June 3,
la. :8. VB. Juiy 3, la. la. 28. "
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom {Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
June 3. ■. 13. 18, 23..-.558. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltli
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. !*•_»■•
at P«attle with G. N. P.y., as Port Town»ena wlu»
Alaska steamers. . _
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hun*,
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Joae 2, 6. la
14 I*. - JJ. 2t> 80 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa CruX, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuoo%
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June
4. 8. V£, XtJ, -v, ".s±. '•!!> and every fourth day then-
For SanDleco, Btoppln? only at Pott Harfor 1
(Ban Luis Obispo), Bauta Barbara. Port Lo»
Anireles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it. *!«• 2. 6. 10, 14; 18, 22, 26, MJanJ every
fourth dar thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Joss del Cabo. Mftzatlan. I*
Pat. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. v., June 2, 27, ana 25th oi eacu month there-
Bf TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New' Montgomif*
'^^OODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gent Agent*.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
•HfcfiuK HAMBURG-AMERICAS LHB •
gaggjjlip^ TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
*-*i it i» TI ?^ 3ga ffl»^ Line from New York to
Plymouth (London], Cherbourg, Paris & liambarf.
Columbia. July 2 I A. Victoria. July IS
Normannia ......July 9 I F. Bismarck — July 28
L Cab., $95 and upward; 11. Can., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 41-3 h.. free of charge,
by special train: CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6Va h.
For passage apply HaMbckg-Amkrican Link,
37 Broadway, N. .. or to KAHN & HERZOQi
Agents, 401 California St.. .San Francisco. Cal.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At 5 V. Jrt, Uaily; after July 1, 6 P. M.—
freight received up to 6:30 P. M.
* Sunday at "I P. M.
IST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
isT.KA.MEKS:
T. C. Walker, v J. D. Peters,
Alary Garratfc, ' • City of Stocktonft
Tel«Dhone Main 805. \ Cai. >'ay. and lmpt. C«
fALLEJO, MARE ISL.WD, *BE!ICIA, PORT
'COSTA 111 CROCKETT.
STR. MONTICKLLO,
o*lly, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a, »
, and 4 r,iL; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. VI '
•••"'•"■'■■ Bunday— a p. m.
HI.M. only.
landing, Ml»«loa l. riwl.
."'^fH^^'ul B '£ ** iB a non-poiconoua
<<\jeSßV^^^^^^B remedy for : Gonorrhoea.
Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
£$XW in 1 to s d»ya. VSi Whites, unnatural di?-
JW Go«r*o!«ed ■ charges, or any inflamma-
K*»3f ny to atrietare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■"■ 'MPMrtpu coatsgion. tion of mucous mem-
RTITHEEvANSCHEHICnCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
\de&C!NCMNAT!,O.BSg9 So!d by PruKgUte,
'SSaak.'U. S. A -js!3r or sent in Plain wrapper,
«t^^^^^ ■ Jg^^m by express, prepaid, for
1 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottles, ?J.7\
»^«ttiSfcS»V- ■ Circular Bent or. - rest.
Tm WIIiCOX. COMI'OUND
ANSVPILLS
«« \™Lsafeand SURE. Always reliable. Tak»
Bosnostltute. Foraalebyalidrngpists. ■ .' Send
' * for Woman* Safeguard. WILCOX BPECIFIO '
CO., 228 SOUTH EiaaTHeT..PHII ADA..PA.;
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
t.~ ~-. ~
~ nll —~
Is.~ ~Ss• r-.. 4,srllJ iwtt~
,~ts4S.- •Ø*~.a.- -
—
~? .L. r’-~ I*itht)UdÌ4C.
~ ~—-3 ‘—. $
¡-fl 4 c—4 .34 ¡Mislfl
~r~s—e3q~u.p • •,~at~ riestth~t
• *—~-4 - 4 »
$$-~ $-,$-snf7~ -
L-.-i~~--4t..,4t. ;P~~””—
.#_•_st ~~4s~_
ts_s’~~_ -...L44fIL
.4 —.-——-..—
— ..$-~~--—sLlt. •.
— “-i.flttlj!sÅ...
CANNED SALMON.
The Cutting Packing Company's circular Bays
ofstilmon: "Supplies of this article are small and
demand fairly The pack this spring on the
nemo has been of very insignificant propor
tion and disappointing to tlie paGfcWß, and dealers
have had no Increase of any moment to their de-
StOCkS from tills source.
••The Alaska news is that up to last dates work
nt the various stations was progressing favorably,
though the spring was a late one and much ice at
quite a number of points up to the middle of May
and fish only just commencing to appear; no loss
01 canneries or vessels and all preparations mnde
for an active season as soon as fishing could bes:ln.
••«ri!ish Columbia reports that no fishing Is yet
being done in its waters.
••On the Columbia River the life this year of the
canner la no: a happy one, commencing the season
by making outlays for twine and neis, which were
advanced to the "tHhermc-n, who usually worked;
the canner now finds himself with this pear on
hand, with no chance to uselt, and his fishermen
in some cases refusing to Cm- unless paid 5 cents
a pound for fish, which puce is prohibitive, and
in other cases i he fishermen are willing to go to
work at •» cents a pound, but afraid of so doing.
With all of tills lessened packing the trade Is not
over hungry for Columbia River salmon, and the
price of the" canned .ir.ic c remains unchanged.
,\s this yoes to prim telegraphic advices from
Astoria are to the effect that a compromise hat
•V c M between fishermen and packers, and
the former are going to work on a basis of 4%
cents per pound for thsh caught."
Explanation.
Th» arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
Cays; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*, I
4nring.th« past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Hats, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomDanied by fair weathe?: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
•nd accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows'" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the caa.--t, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition* 1
will produce an opposite result-
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbicti/
tibe. Weathekßcbeau, San Francisco, June
26, 1b96, sp. it. Weather conditions and general
forecast ■
The following maximum, temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day :
Eureka 60, Red Bluff 96, "san Francisco 69,
Fresno 100, San Luis Obispo 76, Los Angeles 74,
San Diego 70, Yuma 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 02, mean 56.
A moderate depression is central this evening in
eastern Oregon and moving eastward. This is
causing cloudy weather from San Francisco north
ward to Puget sound. The temperature has fallen
in Western Oregon and alonz the coast of Washing
ton, and has fallen slightly in the Sacramento Val
ley. As the depression moves farther eastward
still lower temperatures are anticipated in the in
terior of California. .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours I
ending midnight, June 27. 1896.
Northern California— Partly cloudy along the
ooast; generally ' fair in the interior Saturday;
cooler in the interior; fresh to brisk westerly
winds.
southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy Sat
urday morning, followed by fair; brisk to high
westerly winds.
W. H. Hammon-, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. June 26.— The industrials
again monopolized speculative attention at the
stock Exchange. Sugar was the leading feature
and on dealings of 137,(00 shares, ranged be
tween 113i4@116i4, closing at the top figure. j
Early cables reported the market for raws stronger |
than for a lone time, while at home the- refiners I
lifted prices all around, the advance extending
from 1/3 to i/4c per pourd. This movement was
entirely unexpected by stock operators and the
advance in the certificates of nearly three points
was due iD a great measure to covering for their
account. Tobacco and Leather preferred were
heavy, the former selling down from 65% cto
6»%c and the latter from 60% cto 57s/ 8 c
' rh ■ break in tobacco was ascribed to the liqui
dation 01 a block of stock bought recently on the
belief that trie directors intended to resume divi
dends on the common slock. It is now stated that
action has been indefinitely postponed. The rail
way list was sustained at the opening by London
buying. Prices advanced fractionally on very
moderate transactions and then speculation in this
group came to a standstill. The announcement
thai tne radical silver men will control the Demo
cratic convention served to increase business.
When sugar rallied near the close the general
market responded in a feeble sort of way and
closed firm in tone.
Net changes show gains of Vs@% per cent out
side of Lake Shore and Sugar, which advanced
about 3 per cent. Tobacco and Leather lost 1@
18/s per cent. The total sales were 228,000 shares.
bonds were more active and firm: sales were
$919,000. Hocking Valley consol fives rose 1%
to 88 : do general sixes, Ito 868,4 ; Buffalo, Roch
ester and Piitsbiirg fives, 1% to 99; Consumer
Gas of Chicago firsts. Vsy 2 to 8.2%; Wisconsin Cen
tral fives certificates. % to 33%, and St. Paul,
Chicago and Missouri River five-, % to ill.
In Government bonds $13,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 117.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII: weak: Winter wheat, low
crudes, $1 70@2 55; do, fair to fancy, $2 45®
3 45; do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota clear
$2 40@2 90: do straights, $2 95@3 55: do
patents. $3 25@4 30: low extras, $T.70@2 25;
city mills, $4; do patents, $4 20@4 25: rye mix
ture, $2 40@3 10; superfine, $1 60@2 2*5- fine
$1 50(g,2 00. Sonthern flour dull, easy; common
to fair extra, $2 10@2 70: good to choice do, $2 70
(£3. Rye dour quiet. $2 40fq>2 80.
CORNMKAL— XmII, steady; yellow Western
$2 05@2 10: Brandywine. $2 16.
, RYE— Quiet: Western. 89c
BARLEY— at 34c f. o. b. afloat.
BARLEY MALT— DuII: Western, 48@56c.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., TeL Main 1954
i BRANCH OFFICE • ■ '■■ .
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
-- : '■ -' J. S. PURDY, Manager-
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
. tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. .-
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WlKfi. &XW YOiUE,
WHEAT— DuII: %@%e lower, with .options
closing firm: f. o. b.. 70c: ungraded red, 61@71c;
No. 1 Northern, 65@65i.4c.
Options fairly active, irregular and weak at %@
%c decline on weaker cables, lower foreign sell
ing and local liquidations. September and July
most active. June and July. 61% c: August, 62c;
September, 62Vic; December, 64y«c. *
CORN— DuII, easier: ;no. a, 33% c elevator,
34% c afloat.
Options dull and weak at y e decline, following
the West. September and July most active. June
«nd July, 33% c: September, 84% c; October,
35c. * ..... .■...,■...■'-
OATS— Quiet: mixed firm.
Options dull, steady, y e up. July, 20% c:
August And September, 20% c.
Sjot prices: No. 2, ***&". No. 2 white. 380;
No. 2 Chicago, 23y c; No. 3. 21c: No. 3 white.
2214 c:, mixed Western, 21%@22%c; white do,
23% c; white State. v>3%@27c. 1 .
FEED BRAN-50@5&C
MIDDLINGS— 6Oc.
RYE-Feed, 65c.
I ProTislon*.
BEEF— Quiet: nominal; unchanged : tierced beef
steady; cut meats, dull, unchanged,
LAKD— DuII: lower; Western steam. $4 22%;
city. $3 75@3 80; July, $4 20, refined, quiet: conti
nent. Si 40; South America, $4 85; compound,
4@41.4c. . ■ . ■■■, '-, -,
PORK— easy: old mess. $B@3 25: new,
88 50@8 75.
BUTTER— Quiet: unchanged: State, dairy, 1 0@
15c; do creamery, Iiy 3 (&15y 2 c: Western dairy,
B%@liyac; do creamery, 11%@15y 3 c; do fac
tory, 8<£llc; Elgins, 15% c; imitation creamery,
10@12c. -■-■>.■ - • •
CHEESE— Moderate demand; State, large, 6®
634-c; do small, s%@Bc; part skims, 2@4%c; full
skims, l%@2c.
EGGS— Freely offered; State ana Pennsyl
vania, 12@12%c: Western fresh, 10%@ll%c;
do per case $1 50@2 85.
TALLOW— DuII; unsettled; city, 4 5-16@4S/ 8 c;
country, @3%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet. Crude, 20@21c; do,
off grades, 24% c; yellow, prime, 24%@2i>c. -
RESlN— Quiet, steady. Strained, common to
good, $1 70.
TURPENTINE-Steady, quiet. 253^@26y4C
PUT Weak: southern, 30c(g;#l L's.
RlCE— Firm; fairly active; unchanged.
COFFEE— Unchanged to 20 points up: June,
$12 25; July, $11 75@11 86: August, $11 25®
11 30; September, SlO 80(a-10 90; October, $10 45;
December, $10 25@10 30; January, $10 26: Feb
ruary, $10 25; March, $10 20: May, $10 20. Spot
Rio quiet, steady: No. 7, 13c.
SUGAR— Raw firmer: quie. ; fair refining, 8 l-16c;
centrifugals, 96 test, 3 9-16 c; refined quiet, higher;
off A, 43/ 8 2 c; mold A, 5y 8 c: standard A.
4%c; confectioners' A, 4%c; cut loaf and crushed,
2 c; powdered and cubes, 5y 8 c; granulated, 4%c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, By (ai2c
PEACHES— PeeIed, * to, 12@13c: do an peeled.
6®Bc. .-.r ,- ,' , :%
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown,- 3i/i@3y2C; do three
crowu, 4i,4@4%c; do tour-crown, 4%(£ilsc; do Lon
don layers, 90c®$l.
HOPS— Unchanged. State common to choice,
2y 2 rflßßc; Pacific coast. v:y 3 @7c.
WOOL— Steady, active, unchanged. Domestic
fleece, 15^21c; pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Quiet, unchanged. American,
10 50(313.
COPPER-Dull: lake. $11 50®12.
LEAD— domestic. *3 02y 2 @3 05.
TIN— Easier. Straits. $13 50@13 55.
PLATES— Moderately active.
to* til i-lv-Dull; domestic, $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lixi June 26.— The wheat market
began the session to-day at a decided di sadvan
tage, first prices being from 1.4 to S/ g under last
night- It was probably the want of courage and
confidence more than any distinctly bearish news
that rendered the tone so weak. However, if there
was nothing materially disappointing in the news
there was at the same time ho argument for im
provement. The trade resembled that of recent
days, the outside and general public being without
; interest and local scalpers furnishing the moderate
business.
Liverpool cables quoted %d decline. Receipts
in the Northwest were free at 416 cars, against
516 on last Friday and 159 a year ago Chicago re
ceived 5 cars, and inspected out 7300 bushels.
Crop news was. as a general rule, encouraging, the
weather was fine, and harvesting was said to be
progressing well, all of which tended to disconcert
j holders. Closing Continental cables were irregular.
Export clearances were large vi 535,219 bushels.
September wheat opened from 56 1 '2@563/gc, sold
between 56% c and 56V4@5ti3/ B e, closing at the in
side, 3,^'jj/jC under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, 11 cars.
CORN— Fluctuations practically represented the
variations in the tone of wheat. Notuing that was
1 heard afforded any ground lor hope of better prices,
I the buying being principally by shorts and the
' firmness, which at times came from the demand,
' of an unsatisfactory sort. Receipts were fair at
i 381 cars, although sixty-nine less than expected.
i Withdrawals from store were quite large at 271,
--i 496 bushels. Liverpool cables quoted %d decline.
I Export clearances amounted to 320,000 bushels.
September corn opened at 29Vi@293/ B e, sold be
tween 28ys'^283/BC, closing at 28*40, 8 c under
I yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 460
cars.
OATS— Presented no reason for satisfaction to
holders or buyers, but on the contrary were de
-1 cidedly disappointing. Even the most sanguine
! bulls profess to see nothing in the situation of this
j grain on which to found an Improvement in value.
! Crop news is extremely good, stocks are heavy
and the consumptive demand moderate. Receipts
to-day were 278 cars and 60,458 bushels were
taken from store. Export clearances . were 800
bushels. September oats closed 14 <• lower. Esti
mated receipts tor to-morrow 345 cars.
I FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 79c; July, 78% c;
September, 80c; December, 82c. Receipts were
10 cars.
PROVISIONS— Were almost stagnant. The
tone was between* steady and easy, but so little
business was transacted that fluctuations were
slow and without decision, as the session pro
ceeded prices sagged from lack of support. The
close was 2%c under yesterday for September
pork and ribs and 10c lower for September lard.
BUTTER— Was fairly active and steady to-day.
Receipts were liberal, bat only fine goods were
wanted.
Creameries— Extras, 14% c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10@12c; imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras, lU@lOy 3 c; firsts, B%@9c; packing stock,
be; roll, 6&7 -
EGGS— Were steady. Receipts were heavier
than recently, but a continuation of the good de
mand prevailed. Fresh stock sold from 10y 2
ll%c li dozen.
MONEY— Was s@b% on call and b% on time
loans. New York exchange was Quoted at 65c
premium.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT — June. 56c: July, £>5y 8 c; Sep
tember, 56i4@563/ 8 c
CORN— June. 27y 8 c; July. 27y 8 c; September.
28y*c. .-.
OATS— JuIy. 1 5 % c; September. 16i/4c
PORK— July, $7; September, $7 17%-
LARD— JuIy, *3 90; September, *4 02%.
UliJb— July, $3 65; Septemoer, $3 80.
-._•-„%■' Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili., June 26.— The
cattle market to-day was steody. The supply was
moderate and demand good. Hogs were steady to
5c lower. The offerings were liberal, and the de
mand moderate. Sheep were, active and strong.
CATTLE — ReceiDts. 4000. Fancy beeves.
$4 50© 4 60: choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 pound
steers. $4 30@M45: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, 84 00@>4 25; medrum steers. 1000
to 1600 pounds, $3 HOfu.3 95: common to fair steers,
960 to 1300 pounds. $3 60663 75: feeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 50@3 85; common to choice
stockers. $2 6b@3 50: Dulls, choice to extra. $2 80
@3 25: bulls, poor to choice, $2 (a, 2 85;
cows and heifers, extra,' $3 76@4 00; cows,
, fair to choice, *2 50(33 50: cows, common to fair
) cauners'. $1 25<ct2 25; calves, good to choice.
$4 60&5 25: ca ves. common to food, $304 50;
I Texas steers. S2 40@3: Texas fed steers, $3 10@
4 07%; Texas cows, Dulls ana 0xe.0.52@2 86; milk
ers ana springers, pei head, $20@)35.
• HOGS— Receipts, 25,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3 00(<t3 25: common 10 choice
mixed. S3 05(&3 40: choice assorted. *3 50©3 55;
light, $3 25&3 52%; pigs. $2 75@3 60.
bHE.fc.i-— Receipts. 8000. interior 10 cnolct,
f2(g4; lambs, $306 60.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 26.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit In the Consolidated
Auction to-day, realizing prices as follows:
Peaches — Alexander, $I@l 10 per box. Pears—
Bartlett, $I@l 80 per box; in bad order, 80c.
Apricots— Royal, 85@90c per half-crate.
Porter Bros. Company sold: Prunes— Tragedy,
$3 60. Cherries— $2 15. Plums—Cly
man, 95c@$l 75; Koenlg Claude, $1 40@l 45;
others, 85@90c. Pears — Half-boxes Lawson,
$140. Peaches— Alexander, 65c@$l 20; Briggs
May, 76c@$l 10. Apricots— Peach, $1 40; Royal,
$1 10; others, 65@95c.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 26.— Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit to-day at open auc
tion as follows: Plums, 62(J3)9.'<c; peaches, 46@60c:
apricots, 45c.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 26.— Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at open auction to
day at the following prices: Plums— Clyman, $2@
210 per half-crate. Apricots— 9oc@sl 10 per halT
crate. Peaches— Briggs May. 95c(g$l 05 per box;
Alexander, 80@90c
BOSTON, Mass., June 36.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day at
the following prices: Prunes— Tragedy, $2 50@
4 60. Cherries— Anne, $2 65. Plums— St.
Catherine, $1 20@2 05; Clyman, $1 60@l 80:
Koenig Claude. $1 35@1 70; Cherry, $1 68.
Peaches- Averaged $1 51. -Apricots— B6c@*l. '
CHICAGO, 111.,. June 26.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at open auction as
follows: Prunes— Tragedy, $1 70<&2 55; Slmoni,
$1 36@1 75. Peaches — Alexander, 4u<@sl:
Hales Early, 60® 90c. ' Apricots — 46(§»80c.
Plums-25@90c ■
DUN'S REVIEW OP TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 26.— R. G. Dun & Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Failures for the week have been 217 In the United
Slates against 256 last year, and 24 in Canada
against 22 last year. The monetary- outlook la not
yet clear to some. The strength shown ■in recent
conventions by advocates of silver coinage and
expectation that all . the elements favoring that
policy may . yet be concerted , incline , them to a
waiting attitude. Their uncertainty retards im
provement, notwithstanding the more widely prev
alent feeling that . the monetary action of , the St.
Louis convention will be sustained by the people.
But many mills h-'ve waited as long as they can
with safety, t vine* have' been given by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATfJRDAT, JUNE 27, 1896.
enough cotton-mills of " Fall River to Insure a tem
porary stoppage, it is said, the nature of which is
now under discussion in conference with the Prov
idence manufacturers. . Woolen-mills are active
without concert, but fourteen ' are mentioned In
dispatches as having closed this week. There is
no similar movement in other industries, though
the period of summer closing is at hand in many
of them, and important controversies of iron pud
cilersnnci other hands make it likely that the an
nual stoppage in that industry may last longer
than usual. -
The weakness in wheat which has declined 2.10 c
and of cotton which is an eighth lower for spots
though less for futures, has full explanation in de
cidedly good crop prospects. It may be doubted
whether the boot and shoe industry has ever been
in better shape on the whole, though manufactur
ers complain that an advance in price is - neces
sary which dealers are very reluctant to pay.
Leather is slightly lower for kinds not controlled
by the leather company, and at Chicago packer
hides are steady while country have advanced a
shade, with small receipts. Copper is held at
$1175. Lead Is hardening at $ 3 06 and Ameri
can linplates are well sold at 15c below foreign.
The great combinations which the Iron Age
wisely reasons will cause disastrously low prices
hereafter still control the markets both for ma
terial and for finished products of iron and steel,
though it is reported that lower prices will soon be
made for coke, owing to better utilization of
products, and for nails, owing to heavy decrease in
consumption. The billet pool reports no large
sales, but middlemen or outsiders continue to un
derselljit. The new demand for finished products
is very light, and while quotations average a shade
lower, most of them are cut to secure business.
Bessemer is a shade lower at $12 25 at Flttsburg.
The textile manufacturers, as has been said, are
generally devising curtailment of production, and
the only change in prices is downward.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., June Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
June 26, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. > Dec.
New York 767,597 ...... 11.7
805t0n..... 78,899.689 15.5
Chicago..; H),066,188 0.4
Philadelphia 60,416,373 18.3
Louis 18,911,247 6.1
Pittsburg. . 14,941,979 ...... 8.0
Cincinnati 11,680.250 16.0
Baltimore 12,9»8,378 2.2
Sac Francisco 9,981,1C6 2.5
Kansas City 7,120,078 24.7
New Orleans 6,083,923 1J.6
Louisville 4,773,900 28.6
Detroit 5.477,943
Minneapolis 5.682,379 7.7
Cleveland 6,178,220
Providence. 4,692,700 ...... 12.5
Milwaukee 4.412,611 13.5
mdianaDOlta 3,909,760 6.7
Buffalo 3,860,312 2.7
St.Paul 4,630,394 19.2 ......
Omaha 4.701.851 63.0
Denver 2,132,704 12.7
Salt Lake 1,195,487 9.1
Los Angeles. 1,016,751 2.8
Portland. Or 886,457 ...... 14.4
Tacoma 623,227 11.0 ......
Seattle 662,762 46.9 ......
Spokane 373.146 2.4
Totals U. 8 $899,553,832 11.0
Outside of New York
City 394,796,236 10.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Totals $17,330,453 11.7
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 1 /2©2%; last loan
at 2".; closing offered at 2%. Prim» mercantile pa
per. o©sy 3 ',i Bar silver, 69@69VsC- Mexican dol
lars, 5334@64%c. Sterling Uxciiauge firm, with
actual business in Dankers' bills at $4 86@4 85V*
for «0 days and $4 88 V* for demand. Post
ed rates, $4 88(0)4 89. Commercial bills, $4 86%.
Government bonds easier: Slate bonds dull; rail
road bonds irregular. Silver at the board was less
active.
i 1a . . - CLOSING STOCKS. , ; -,■••■
Am Tel & Cable.... 91 Norfolk & Westrn. 4y 8
Atcbison 1* Preferred. 9
Preferred 20% Northern Pacific... 414
Adams Express... .l4B Preferred :. 17V*
Alton. Terre llante 57 Northwestern 10*^s/ 8
American Kxpressll2 Preferred 148
American Tobacco. 64 V* N. Y. Central :. 97
Preferred 97 N.Y..Chicago<fcS.L. 12
Bay state Gas 23% Ist preferred 70
Baltimore* Ohio.. 18% 2d preferred 29
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.& N. H 171
buffalo, Koch <fc P. 18% N. Y. & New Eng. 39
Canada Pacific... 60% N. V., Susq & W... »<%
Canada Southern.. 60V4 Preferred. 24y 8
Canton Land 6O%Ont&rio 12
Central Pacific 15 Ontario <fc Western 14
Ches. Ohio J-6% Oregon lmprovmnt %
Chicago Alton 165 Preferred...-
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. Q.... 77 Oregon Short Line. 8
Chicaco<fe E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail ....... 24
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. & Evans 1%
Chicago Gas 66% Pittsburg <fc W. pfd 15
Cleve<fc Pittsbnrg. . 164 (Pullman Pa1ace... .155
Consolidation Coal. 32 [Quicksilver. 1
Consolidated Ga5. .167 Preferred IS
C. C. C. <fc St. Louis 32 Reading 15Va
Preferred 75 RioGrande&Westn 15
Colo: Fuel & Iron.. 35% Preferred 40
Preferred 100 Kock Island 69^»
Cotton Oil Cert 12 RomeWat&Ogden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. &S. W 4%
Dei. Hudson 127% i Preferred....' 9 /*
Del.Lack<fcWestrn.l6l%:St. Paul 77y 8
Denver* R. 13 I Preferred .....128
Preferred. 47Va8t. Paul <fc Dulntb. 18
Distillers 16%.' Preferred ...'BS
General Electric... 30% St. Paul <fc Omaha. 43
Erie 14% Preferred 124
Preferred 34 St. P. M. <fc U......111
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 69Va
Great Northern pfd 11 6 Southern Pacific... 19
Green Bay % Southern R. R 8%
Harlem 294 1 Preferred 27%
Hocking Coal %|Sugar Refinery 116
Hocking Valley.... 17 | Preferred 102
Homestake. 34 iTenn. Coal & Iron. 23Vs
H. * Texas Cent... I Preferred. 90
Illinois Central 93% Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 7*4Tol.A.A.<feN.Micb.
Preferred 31 Tol. <fe Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas <ft Texas... 11 Preferred. 70
Preferred 23%]Tol.St.Lonls* K.C. % 5
Kingston* Pern... 3 ( Preferred 6
Lake Erie * Westn 17%' Union Pacific 7V*
Preferred......... 69% U. P. Den & Gulf.. 2%
Lake 5h0re... ...... 152 U. 8. Cordage 6
National Lead 2314 Preferred 10
Preferred 86%' Guaranteed 20%
Long Island 73% U. 8. Express 40
Louisville * Nash. 6OV4U. S. Leather...... 7%
Louisville. Na&Ch 8% Preferred 59
Preferred. 18 U. a Robber. 17^4
Manhattan C0n501. 102% Preferred 73%
Memphis & Charts. 16 Utica &B. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. ». L. «fc Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 96 \ Preferred 12
Minn&S.L. Wells-Fargo 90
Preferred......... Western Union.... 83%
Minn & St. Loom. 173,4 Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 78%|Wheellng *L. E.. »V*
2d preferred 46% Preferred 84Vs
Missouri Pacific... 22%! Am Cotton Oil pfd. bay-,
Mobile* Ohio 20% W. U. Beef I 7%
Nashville * Chatt. 68 {Ann Arbor 8%
National Linseed.. 18 , Preferred. 24
N. J. Central 107%' Brooklyn Traction. 22%
North American... 5 | Erie 2d pfd. 19
CLOSING BONDS.
C 6 registered.. 108y 2 M T 68V 8
Do 45. coupon.... 109% Do 45.. 82%
V S4s new, n-gstrdlli /4 Mutual Union .114
Do 4s, coupon 1163/4 NJ Cent Gen 55. ..120
Do 28 94%. Northern Pac 15t5. 116%
Do 5s 113 I Do2ds. 11 0%
i-o 6s, coupon 113 Do3ds 67
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l4o
Do 1897 ....100 Do deb 6s 110
Do 1898 100 iO R* N 15t5.......111Vi
Do 1899. .:.... 100 StL&lronMtGen 5s 76
Pacific «»s of '95.... ' St L&8 F Gen 113%
DC 3-653. ...... 1091,4 !81 Paul C0n5015. ...132
Ala Class A4s 103 St PC* Pa 15t5. ..119
Do Class H 4, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cat lsts.. 110
La Consol 4s 96 Southern R.R 65... 931/4
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific lsis. 8534
N Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 21</4
Do4s 100 Union Pac lsts '96.103%
So Carolina 4%5...106 West Shore 4s. 106%
Tennnpw3s 80 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt... 68% R Grande West lsis 76%
Do registered Ches 4 65. ...107%
Do deferred 65... • 6 Atchlson 4s 788/4
.Do trust rcpts st. 6 Do 2ds A 40Vi
Canada South 2ds.. 106 ' OH 4 ha 6s 101
Cen Pac lsts of '95.102% Do 2d 7s 100
Den &P. Gist 11l HA Tex Cent 55.. 109
Do 4s 92 Do con 6s. 100
Erie lids 64% Reading 4s 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 6*. 100
Kb Pa lsts Den divlllVi
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL,
LIVERPOOL, Enu.. June 26.— spot market
is quiet at 6s 2%d@ss 3%d, Cargoes dull at 26s 3d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES. , V .;?;, : A:
Toe Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
459% d: July, 4s 9%d; August, is Slid; Septem
ber, 4s 9%d: October, . 4s 9%d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esa, June Consols. 113 3-16;
silver, 31 9-1 6(1; French Rentes. 101 f 6c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 489 i
Sterling Cables. :...'........ — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. •-—■■• - 16
Fine Silver, %) ounce — 69y 8
Mexican Dollars 54*4 64%
■■-. - ■■";■.■ • - — — ■ . !
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Conlsbead takes for Cork 85,007
ctls valued at $82,500., , , .
The market continues dull and nominal. No. 1,
95c: choice, 97% c; lower grades, 90(393%c; extra
choice for milling, $I@l 10 » ctl. -
• '- ■"• ■ TALL BOARD SALES.
Inform at. Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons, 97y 8 c; 700, 97»Ac. .
Regular Mobnins ' session'— December— 4oo
tons, 97% c  .
AftkknoonSession— December— 3oo tons, 97c;
1000, 74i/ic. Seller '90, new, storage paid— loo,
9484 c. ..--.: .
■ BARLEY— New Brewing is in demand for ship
ment at about 77% c, but all other descriptions are
dull. Futures declined sharply. Feed, 67%@
88% c ;, choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 76@80c. ,
CALL BOARD SALES. 9 \ \
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
. Regular Mobnino session— December— loo
tons, 69% c; 1200, 6914 c; 200. 69c. .
Afternoon Session — December —1200 - tons,
68% c: 200, 68 %c. . j _-.. ;l
OATS— Sales are few and small. Milling quol
able at 87V a @90c "$> ctl; fancy Feed, 90@92%c;
good to choice, 3 @9oc ; common to fair, 77%@
82y 2 c; Gray, 80@85c; Surprise, 95c@$l 02%.
CORN— Yellows are quoted somewhat firmer,
but White is neglected and weak. Large Yellow,
90@95c; Small Round do, 97%c@$l; White, 77%
@82% C * ctl. .
E-Dull at 72%@75c * ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-«B@9oc 9 ctL ;
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 iS bbl; Bakers' extras, S3 55@3 60;
superfine, $2 75@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. - Feed Corn, $19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 ?S ton. •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lt) sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 23 / 4@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%c; Oat Groats, 4y.jc; Hominy, 4@4%c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina,
4y 3 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled oats, 41,4 c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
6V±c%llb. ■ - ■ " ■—
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS. .
• BRAN— 50 $ ton. -: .' ' ■ .'i.* * ■'>
. MIDDLINGS— $17 60@18 60 Q ton for lower
grades and 519@20 ¥) ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15 50@16; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; Jobbing, $22;
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market.
HAY— Continues very weat. New Wheat, $7 50
@10; New Wheat and Oat, $7@9: new Oat, $6@B;
new Barley, $5@7 50; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6
<4>6 50; new Clover, $e@B. Old Hay is quoted at $7
@11 BO ■$ ton for Wheat and $B@lo for com
pressed Wheat. v- - ..
A W-20@40c * bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,sl@l o7%; Small Whites, $1 15
@1 SO; Pea, $120@l 35; Large Whites, 90c@$105;
Pink. 85@92%c; Reds, 51 25: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, nominal; Limas, $2 35@2 65; But
ters, $1 25@1 40 for small and $1 26@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60@
2 26$ ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 <P ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary, 2%c
* lb; Alfalfa, 7%@9y 2 ¥ to; Rspe, 2y 3 c * tt.;
Hemp, 3y 2 c $ lb. %-?.■'
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 %> ctl for Niles and
$1 26@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES
POTATOES— New Garnet Chiles, 85c@$l: new
Peerless, 76@90c; new Early Rose, In sks, 85c@
$1: new Early Rose in boxes, $I@l 25: new Bur
bank Seedlings, $I@l 40; Oregon Burbanks, 60@
76c; Humboldt Burbanks. 60@75c Q ctL
ONIONS— White, 40(<£60c; Red, 15@25c 9 ctl.
VEGETABLES— of Corn and Squash
are heavy. Green ' corn is quotable at 50c
@?1 25 9 sack: Alameda Corn, $1 25@1 75
%i crate; Summer Squash. 26@40c for Bay and
15@25c ~f. box in small coxes; Egg Plant, 12 % c
%* lb: Tomatoes, $1 75@2 75 IS bx: Cucumbers. 50c
@$1 25 box: Alameda encumbers, $1-6002 '&
box: • Asparagus, 50c@$l %i box; Rhubarb, 40
®75c V. box: Dried Peppers, 6@12V 2 c: Green Pep
pers, 12%@15c * lb: Green Peas. 50c(al$l "$> sack
for common and 2@2y 2 c f* lb for Garden: String
Beans. l%@3c for common ana 4@Sc for Garden;
Dried Okra, 12y 2 c; Cabbage, 46@50c 'ficil; Gar
lic, 2@30 * lb.  .
t BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— A decline 'in dairy descriptions la
noted.
Crkaiieby— 16c; seconds, 14@14%c
V lb. ,;i^;w
Dairy— Fancy, 18@13%c; good to choice, 12©
12y c; lower grades, ll@HV»c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6@6%c; common
to good. s@sy Cream Cheddar. 9c; Young
America, 7@Bc it to; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12@12y c.
EGGS— There is no further decline but the mar
ket is weak and dull. Farallon Eggs, 17@18c; Ore
gon, 10c; Eastern Eggs. 10@12c: store Eggs, 10%
(&12c: ranch Eggs, 13@15c; Duck Eggs, 12%(gi14c
%taoz. f .•'
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens are firmer again. Ducks and
Geese are lower, weak and dull. Young stock is
Off again. ■ . . . '
Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gobblers, ll@l2cfor
Hens: Geese, %i pair, 75c@$l: Ducks. $3@3 50
for old and $3 50@5 'i** doz tor young: Hens. $4@
5: Roosters, young, $6 50@8- do, old. $4@4 60
■f* doz: Fryers, $s(g>s 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large
and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 2 5(3*1 60 $ doz
for young and old.
Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots are In heavy supply and weaker. Some
small poor ones sold at $10. Peaches are very
firm and higher, and contracts at $20 'f. ton in the
Santa Clara Valley are reported.
Arrivals of Cherries were 368 bxs, selling at 85c
@$1 35 i& box for Black, and 75c@$l 10 for Royal
Anne.
Peaches, 35@75c 9 box, and 65c@$l ft basket.
Plums, 40@75c ¥ crate and 25@60c 9 box.
Cherry Plums. 25@40c box.
Apples, 25@50c %s small box and 40c@$l $ large
box. '
Green Pears, 20(535c i 3 box.
Royal Apricots, iO@4()c %* box, 40@50c V crate,
15(£30c V, basket and $13@20 $ ton In. bulk. Moor
parks, nominal.
Figs, 35@50c ■»> box for single and 50@75c 9 box
for double layers.
BERRlES— Strawberries and Blackberries are
lower.
Receipts of Strawberries were 690 chests, selling
at $3 50@5 $ chest for Long worths and $2 50@3 50
for large berries.
Raspberries, $3@6 ft chest.
Blackberries, $2@4s chest. "
Currants, $2 50@5 14 chest.
GRAPES— Thompson's Seedless from Yuma sold
at $1 76 V* crate.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges continue firm at $1@
2 50 for Seedlings, $3 60@4 for Navels, and $2 50®
3 50 9 bx for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, $1®
150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6(a.t> 60; Bananas, $I@2 9 bunch;
Pineapples, $I©l V- dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, nuts, etc.
DRIED FRUITS
NO further transaction* In new Apricots report
ed. The raw fruit is selling at SI 3@20 9 ton,
equivalent to 5%@7%c for the dried fruit. Quota
tions on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c lb for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4@4%c for evaporated ; ■
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6iA©7c
for Drime to choice. B<39c for fancy and 10@llc $
lb for fancy Moorpaik; Figs, black, 2%c for im
pressed;' White Figs, 4c In sacks; Pears, 7c tH lb
•or evaporated halves, 3yj»@6c i? lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums, 3yicl* lb for pitted and
l%@2c for unpltted: Nectarines, 3%®5c %* lb for
prime to choice and 5%c for fane*
'Jobbing Pricks— j^vaporatea , apples. 4@sc
$ lb; sun-dried, l%@2c: Peaches. 3V»@6c ana oc
for fancy; peeled in boxes,l2%C9 lb; Prunes, 3%c
for four sizes, 4%c for 40®60's and 4c for
50@60's; Apricots, 7@9c for prime to choice,
10® 11 for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, Sy 3 c;
White Figs, 3655 c: Pears, 8c lb for evapo rated
halves and 4@7y 2 for quarters; Plums, 3y @4c
for pitted and l(sl%c for unpltted: Nectarines,
4@sc i?. &> for prime to choice. •• -i-;-
RAISINS— are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crowu, 2%c lb: seedless Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c V- box: clusters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60&2 75.
Jobbing Pbicbs— Four-crown loose, none; 3
crown, 3@:U/4C. Ift ft; 2-crown. 3cT Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c 3 ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76@S0c; .clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Debesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75.
NUTS — Quotations are as follows: Wal
nuts, 9@llc for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c * Ib for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; ' Almonds, 6@7%c for |
Languedoc and B%®loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
■ Peanuts, tt@6y 2 c ?* ft for Eastern and for Cali- 1
fornia; Hickory Nuts. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9@loc'# ib: Cocoanuts. $4 50@& ¥ 100.
HONEY-Comb 10@12%c V Ib for bright ana 8 .
®9c 9 Ib for lower grades; water-white extracted, !
5@5%c ?ilb: light amber extracted, 4V4@4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. 2@3c.
BEESWAX-25@27yaC lib.
PROVISIONS.
No further change. Hams are very firm and
tending upward.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6c 9 i
Ib for heavy, 7c $ tb for light medium,' 9c $ Ib for |
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c $ ID for sugar
curea; astern Sugar-cured Hams. 11%@12c f> lb:
California Hams, 9@loc f, lb; Mess Beef, $7®B:
extra mess do. $8 60059; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, $14 $ bbl;
mess, $12 506313" f> bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c & lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6140 $ Ib
for compound and 614 c for pure; palls. vie c* !b;
California tierces, 4%c for compound md 6c for
pure: half-bbls, 6Vic; 10-tt> tins, 7c; do 5-tb, 714&
COTTOLEN E— 6®«yic in tierces and 6S/4@7y 8 c
* lb in 10-Jb tins*
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers. 7@
7y 2 ' '$ Ib: culls and brands. 6@6%c f> lb : medium,
6@6%c * &>; colls and brands, 5@5%c V lb: light,
6c; culls and branas, 4c; Cowhides, 5@5%c; culls
and brands, 4@4%c; salted Kip, 6c Hi tb: salted
Calf. 7@Sc; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10y 2 @llc:
culls and brands, B@B%c; dry Kip and Veal, B@9c;
culls. 7c; dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, eood summer,
30c: medium. 16@25c; winter, ; 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 10®15c each; short wool, 20®
each; meal urn. 40®S0c each; long wools, 60@
60c each. Culls of all kind) about y e less.
TALLOW— No. 1. 1 rendered. 3Vi®3y 3 c: No. 2,
3c: refined. 6%@5%c: Grease, 2%c * Ib. ".y*^.
WOOL— Valley Oregou is quotea at 9@loV»c; do
lower grades. B@9V a c '# lb; Nevada, 6@9c V lb;
San Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 4®6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%®6%c; northern free,
7@9c; do defective. 5@6«»0 % lb. '
HOPS-Nominal at l%(^3c $*lb. ' ...
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
'BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, $4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@28%c.
Wellington, $8 "ft ton; New Wellington,
88 $> ton; Southfield Wellington, $7 50 ,3* ton;
Seattle, $s(a>s 50; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, f7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 in sk»;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egir, $11 60; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; Cannel, $7 50: Rock - Springs,
Castle Gat* and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 9 ton ln.sfcs. '.'.v:'. ;, .«.•>■_
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6 Vie ;
Confectioners' A, sVb c : Magnolia A, 45/ c; Extra
C, 4%c; Golden C, 43/ 8 c; half-barrels, Vifi more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. ■ '
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
$ gal ■-.■■' 1 :. . , 
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. Hogs continue firm. Wholesale rates for dressed
• stock from slaughterers are as follows: :
BEEF— First, quality, sc; second ao, 4%@4%c:
third do, 3%@4c $ Ib.
VEAL— Large. 4@sc; small, s®6c ■» Ib.
MUTTON- Wethers, 5@5%c: Ewes, 4@4%0
¥ tb. ■
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@5%c a Ib. ' " »
PORK-Live Hogs, 3VB@3V4C B lb for large and
3Va(s3s/ c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
©ea^c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. . . FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks.... 25.690 Cheese, ctls 76
Wheat, ctls 2,118 Eggs, doz 10,000
Barlej.ctls 9,633 Hides, no 673
Oats, Or, ctls 287 Pelts, bdls. 361
Beans, sks. 137 Wool, bis 320
Potatoes, 5ka..... 1,975 Wine, ga15........ 60,800
Onions, sks. - 268 Tallow, c; is 126
Middlings, 719 Lumber. M feet.. 20
Bran,sks.. 468 Lime, bbls. 120
Hay, tons 622 Feed, sks 200
Butter, ctls. 164 Broom Corn, bis. 65
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs show no change.
Meats sell at last week's prices. Several kinds of
Poultry arc cheaper.
, Summer Fruits and Vegetables continue to
cheapen and the market is well supplied with all
seasonable varieties, especially Apricots and Ber
ries. Tomatoes are scarce and dear.
Following is Th» Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAL— PER TON.
Cannel — @ »60 PleasantVal 9BO@IOOO
Wellington. — @10 00 1 South Held
New Wei- Wellington — @ 950
lington.... 00 Scotch....;. — <a 950
Seattle 7 00® 760 j Coos Bay... 650® —
Castle Gate. 9 50(2,10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.
Butter, fancy, V Cheese, Eastern... 15@20
square — @35 ' Cheese, Swiss . . . 20C&30
do, %* roll 30fai — Common Eggs.. 12 %®15
do. choice 25(8 — RanchKggsi*dz...l7®2o
Ordinary 0.0 — @— Honey, comb.
Cheese, cat B@lo do, extracted.... B®ia
MEATS— PKR POtTND. .
Bacon.. 12©,17|Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, ch0ice....... 12f§15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good 8(gilO| Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef 8@ — Round Steak B^lo
Ham, Cal... 12%@15 Sirloin Steak... 12 %@ —
do. Eastern 15(3. — Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20
Lard 12(f15 Smoked Beef — @15
Mutton 8(a»10iPork Sausages.... —@20
Spring Lamb 10® — | Veal 10@16
POULTRY AND GAMK. .
Hens, each..... 60® 65 Turkeys, $ Ib.. ISO 17
Young Roost- Ducks, each... 40(3 60
era, eacn 70® 85 Geese, each.... 75@1 00
Old Roosters, | Pigeons, "# pr.. 40® hO
each. 60® — Rabbits, %4 pr.. 35® 40
Fryers, each... 50@ bO| Hare, each..... 16® 20
Broilers, each.. 30® 40'
FRUITS AND NUTS. '
Almonds, TSlb 12ffll 5< Limes, fl d0z...... —015
Apricots. %! tt>..... 4® s Oranges, r d 0*.... 15@35
Apples. "^ Ib 4@ 6 Pears, f( 1b... 4@ 6
Bananas, %> doz. ..15@20 I'eacnes. $ Ib 6® 8
Blackberries, drwr2s®n6 Piums, If* lb 4® 6
Currants, ?>. box. . 60 Kaisins, <B tb 6®15
Cocoanuts, each...lO@l2,Raspb»>rries I arwr.2s@lo
Cher- ; '-« •$ tt)...:..ls@2o;strawDerries,
Figs. f* :b 8@10; 9 drawer 25@35
f ' >oseoerries, 9 lb. 6® 8 Walnuts, %4 8).....16@ —
Lemons, * ...25@30
• VEGETABLES. •' ■
Asparagus, ft 1b... 6@lo Lettuce, f> d0z....15@20
Artichokes,f>.doz..lO@3o Jlr'fat Squash,^ Ib — @ -
Beets, f, d0z....... 12@15 Onions, $ lb 4@ 5
Beans, white fSIb.2V2® 6 Peppers, green,^lb — ®20
Colored, f> 5>...2%® 6 Parsnips, fi a0z....15c£20
Lima, 1b....... 4@ 6 Potatoes, $Ib 2<S> 3
Cabbage, each..... 6®lo|Rhubarb, f< 1b... . 4(cj 5
Cauliflowers, each. . 5(2i 8' Radishes.».dzbchs.lO@ia
Celery, fy bunch... 6© — i Sage, i* tb 26@3E
Cress. % dzbunchs.2OCs2s|Smer squash, 'ft lb 4® 5
Cucumber. %i doz. 15@20 String Beans, $ &•. 1 ® 8
Garlic * 1b... 5® 6 Thyme, Ib 20@30
Green Peas, * lb.. 4® 6 Turnips, 9 d0z....155'20
Green Corn. dozls@3o Tomatoes, * tt>....15®20
Lentils, tt>....... 6® »|
fish— PEß POUND.
Barracuda.. ..„.*.. 10®12|Shad B^lo
Carp B@lo,Seaßass., -<* -
Codfish ...■„— iisls;Smelts IB® —
Flounders 10r<s —Holes 10(a)12
Halibut 10® -Skates, each....... lO@l2
Herring 10® —sturgeon — ® —
Kinzfisn 10® -iTomcod 15® —
Mackerel 20® — Clams, $ gal — @15
do, Horse — (d, jDo, hardshell, 9
Perch „ 10®—, 100 50® —
Pompano 3.Va>so Crabs, each 12@15
Rockflsh -®15Do, softshell, * dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked. ..20® — Mussels, $ qrt 10®15
Salmon, fresh 12@1 6 Oysters, Cal,s 100.40® —
Shrimps B@lo|Do, Eastern, V dz.2s<£*o
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstpcks were very firm yesterday morn
ing and on the first call sold higher than on y the
preceding day, but at noon the market broke all
along the line. Still lower prices ruled on the
afternoon call and the market showed signs of de
moralization. .. ..
After the board there was a further break, Chol
lar declining to $2 55, Potosi to $1 15, Savage to
96c, Con. Cat. & Va. to $1 90, and so on.
The Market-street Railway Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 60 cents per share,
payable July 10.
The following assessments have been levied by
mining companies of Mono County: Goleta 20
cents, Monteeito 15 cents and Sterling 15 cents.
All these assessments will be delinquent In the
offices of the companies August 1, and the day of
sale will be on August 31. . - >;; ; • ■;.
(MIAMI SALES.
Following wers th« »»»<« in ths San Franoisa*
Btocic Board yesterday:
REGULAR MORNINn SESSION pmfMICNCTWa 9:10.
100 Andes... 36 450 G &0...1.40 100 Savae... 1.26
200 37,250 ....... .1.45 300 1.30
400 Belcher.. 100 HAN. .1.70 100 Seg 8e1... 16
400 66200 Mxcn 80 250 5Nev....77
600 8A8... .1.05 100 81 100 ..' ...76
150 Bodle 41250 0ccdt... 1.00 100 -76
160 8u11i0n.. .23 100 .: 1.05100 Union 75
100 Ca1eda....17 Ophir... 1.40 300 74
300 Cha11ng...35 200 0vrmn....25500 73
100 ...:... ....34 500 24 550 Utah .....12
650 Cu011r.. 2.80 200 Potosi... 1.35 100 V Jackt...sl
600 CC*V...2.20|400. ...... 1.40'
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3(I.
100 B 8... 95 100 C0nfi...1.00i300 P0t05i. .1.25
250 :..... .....93 500 G*C. ..1.30 500 Say 1.10
200 ...........92 860 HAN... 1.56 300 Segß 13
100 Benton ... 201400 Mcx 74 500 S NT.....67
100 8u1wer...26 3000ccidt1....96100 Utah 12
100 CJQ0ur....2.65!10J 0phir. ..1.30 100 YJacic»i..46
250 CC<fcV..2.os|dOOOvrmn..,.22 500 ...47
following were tne oaie» m ths PaclOo 3MOJC \
board yesterday:
KEGPLAR SESSION— IO:I^.
300 A1pha.... .15:150 C0nf1.1.02% 200 0phir. ..1.35
600 Alia ....13 300 Con 1m...02.')00 I.S2U.
800 Ande5.... 36 400 ConN V..04 200 ..; 1.30
400 300 CrwnPt...s'2 800 0vrmn....24
200 8e1cner...53;500 Exchqr. . . o7 200 _ 23
600 64 900G&C 13/ 700 P0t05i..1.3.%
400 .......... .65 300.... ...... 1.40 400 1.32 V*
100 B <feß 99200 1.36 300 .........1.3u
860 1. 00-600 1.32% 300. 1.27%
600 1.02%'400 1.30 600 ? .1.17V»
300 ...... 1.0&250 HAN... 1.70 500 Scorpion..o7
300 ............98200 Julia .....09 400 8 B<* M...16
200 97 400 Justice.. ..o7 200 ...15
400 96 200 Kentuck..O4 1500 9 NT....76
400 8u11i0n. ..25 500 L Wash.. .o4 400 75
600 .2311800 Mexn....80 500 ......:... 74
300Ca1eda.»..16 79500 73
200 Cha11ge...35 200 77 300 72
350 Ch0ir... 2.85 1000 75 300 71
aOO 2.82% 200 ......76 800 s> ...03
100 2.8U250 0ccd....1.05 1200 Union C.74
160 254 700 1.00 400 ............72
300 2.',0500 99 600 70
400 CCV 2.15 300 98 500 Ulan. 11
--400 2V B '3oo 97 800 V JaoKM..4B
800 2.10 20!) Ophir... 1.40 100 47
160 ..2.07%!400 -... I%'
' . AFTERNOON SESSION— 3: 39. .
200 Aloha... 14;100 C0nti.... 1.05,200 P0t051.27%
300 Alta 12:200 .........1.00 300 1.22%
400 111300 C Point-.. 51 300 1.17%
200 Ande5.... 361400 G&C. 1.32% 200 1.15
200 ......... 35300 1.27V2 400 5avg.1.17%
100 33400 1141200 1.10 !
200 8e1cher.. .52 300 1.20400 1.05
400...... 47500 1.22% 300 ......96
300 il&B. 97 150 HdtJNl. 67l/a 200 .......... .98
600 ....... 8680J 1.60 500 Scorpion..o7
100 Bodle I* 300 Justice... .o7l4oo 58& M....15
400 8u11i0n... 23 Mcx 76300 13
800 '. 22 500 i ...."..V...«68i300 8Nv.;.:'..7.\
600 - ! 0 500 Mono 08400 62
100 8u1wer....29 200Occd 97 500 Sll Hi 11 ...03
400 Caleda.. .. 16 500 98 400 Uni0n..... 68
200Ch11nge...34 100 ...........92500 61
250 Cu11r...2.7< 300 ...... .....88 600 Utah ....11
300 .....' 2.60 -00 ; 89 500 V JckU... 49
800 .:..;. ...2.55 160 0ph1r1.32% 200 ..:„.... ...48
350CC&V...2.10 .. 1.26 300 46
300 ..;...2V 8 200 1.20 200..... 45
600 ....: 1.90 800 Overman. 24 300 ...44
2000 C Imp ..oa|3oo ............ 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 26—4 P. it.
Bid.Aiked.\ ■ Bid.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 12 14 Ju1ia........... 09 11
Atta.. .......... 11 13 Ju5tice......... 04 . 06
Ande5.......... 30 32 Kemuck 03 04
8e1cher........ 46 48; Lady Wash..... — . ;05
Best & Belcher 86 88. Mexican....... 68 69
Benton Con 20 —M0n0 ..;..;.:.. 05 •' —
Bodie 40 ; — Nevada Queen. — ; 05
Bullion... 20 21 Occidental... 89 91
Bulwer 25 - Ophir. 1.20 1.25
Caledonia. — 15 Overman.. ..... 20 21
Ch011ar........2.55 2.60 P0t05i....; 1.15 1.20
Con.Cal<feVa...L9O 1.95 Savage. 1.00 1.05
Challenge Con. ; 31 33 Scorpion 06 08
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Seg. Belcher... 12 15
Confidence.... 1.00 —Syndicate...... — • 04
Con New York 04 — silver Hi 11.... 02 04
Crown Point... 46 47 Sierra Nevada. 62 63
EastSierraNev — . [Union C0d..... 61 - 62
Exchequer 05 •• 06 Utah.........;.-. 11 . 13
GoulaA Curry. 1.20 1.25 Yellow Jacket. 44 46<i
Hale dtNorcrs. 1.45 1.50 ; . •> . . hr.'-;: : ;
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Champion ' ■•■ Providence
8id..... 20 00 Bid ..:..:....... ....50 00
200 Edna........... 39300 Savannah „ •41
400 ............:.:... 40300 ...;..».-;;......: 43
;•"•: Kennedy.. 1 100 44
8id...... 1000300 45
Asked ..;..: .. .1-. .v.. 12 00 200 Sebastopol. ...- 49
1 I Keystone Con. i. 600 ............. ..... 60
Bid 05 00 Thorpe. ...„.,«■
100 Lock wood Con. 34|Asked "• 85
300 35|Asked Ybarra .... .100
. LOCAL. SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank .'.. 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works «<
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water ■ 675
Bid 60 Spring Valley Water 98 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. June 26—2 p. X.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US 4s c0up.. 108% - US 4s reg. .109y —
Do new lssuell6rjg]l7V^
' ' ■ ' i MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 112% PacßollM6s. — — f'
CalElecLSs — 15:21/2 Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCW6s 95 97y 2 I' AO Ry 6s. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9f> 100 P<feCh Ry6s. — 107
Edsn LAP 63120 - Pwl-st RR6s. - 116y 8
F&CHRK63.IOS — Reno, Wr*fcL — 105
Geary-stßss. — 105y* Sacto P <fc L. — 102y 2
LosAngL6s. - 99 SF&N PR 65.100%10iy 2
Do Guteed 6s — 103 BPRRAriz — 97
Mkt-slCble6sl23 — sFßßCnl6s.lod%lll
DoKyCoiiss..los3/ilo6 SPRRCaI ss. — - —
N»tVin6slst 96 — sPBrRCal6s. 99 101
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 SVWater6s..ll9%ll9 /i
P C RR6s. - 108 SVWater4s.. 99y* 99%
NRyCal6s.los 107% StktnG&E 6s - 100
if Ry Cal ss. - 100 SunstT<feT6sloo -
Oak Gas 55. .100 104%Suuer-stßss.loßy lo9V4
Do2d is 10434 1061/4 VisaliaWCtia — —
Omnibus ba. 118% — 1 •
■VVATKB STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38 — 1 San J05e..... — —
MarlnCo.... 50 — |Sprn?. Valley 986/ 8 —
«AS STOCKS.
Capital 20 £1 Pacific Lieht 48 49
Central 95 — San Francsco 94% 94%
Oak <; L& M 52 52% Stockton..... — 21%
PacGaslmp. 86 87 !
INSOKANCB STOCKS.
Fireman's 170 — |Sun 25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. - — |LondonP&A.l2Bi / 4130
Anglo-C01.... 5134 _ London ASF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 237 240 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal S D<feTCo 64 67 Nevada — —
FlrstNatlonl. — lß7%|Sather Co. — — '■
Grangers.... — — I '
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
Rer S&LCo. 1400 1445 Sav&Loan.. — 100
HumbS&L.lloo 1450 Security... 250 VSBO
Mutual , — 40 Union Trust. 750 —
SFSavUnlon — 490
STREET BAILBOAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 - | Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-st. — 65 Presidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 44% Sutter-st — . '■—/'■
POWDKK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — |GiantCon-... 24% 24%
Eastern D... 76 80 lJudson D.... — —
California.... 75 100 'Vigorit. — 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 96 |NatVlnCo.. 76 —
BlkPCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 241,4
Cal Cot Mills — — Pac Aux FA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtl2oS/ 8 120s / 4|Pac Roll Mill — —
GasConAssn. — — |Parf PaluiCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — :PacTr»nsCo. — 24
HawCASCa. 19% 20 Pac T<tT Co. 70 —
Hutch S PCo 33% Sunset T&T. 41 —
Assn. 100 110 .United C Co. — 25
Id Elec Light 4 4y 3 !
BALES— MOKNI.NO SXBSIOX.
Board—
50 Hutchlnson S P Co. 23 00
100 Market-st Railway 44 50
Street—
20 Edison Light «fe Power C 0...... 120 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial 19 25
80 Market-st Railway 44 60
$1000 Market-st Railway Con 6% Bonds 105 75
$1000 Sutter-st Railway Bonds 109 00
' ' BALES-AITIEMOO3I SESSION.
Board—
80 8 V Water 93 75
Street—
20 Edison Light & Power Co 120 50
$3000 Northern R'y of Cal 6% 80nd5.... 106 00
lOSFGaslleht 94 25
20 do do 94 50
165 SV Water 98 75
♦ » — »
BICYCLE ROADS
A Prediction Made by a New York
Wheelman — Cheaper Wheels.
The wheel has become an accepted in
stitution of daily life to anch an extent
that it is only when one stops to make a
comparative study of its progress that one
can accurately gauge its influence. A
man commenting on this a day or two ago
was asked if he thought the craze could
be permanent. "Undoubtedly," he re
plied; "I look to see, before ten years are
passed, men going to their work — office,
counter or factory —on perfectly arranged
bicycle roads, from one end of the inland
to the other. 1 don't know whether these
will be elevated or grade or below grade,
but they will exist. The few merely fash
ionable folks will, of course, drop the
wheel soon for some fresh novelty, or con
sign it to occasional use, but the* army of
wheel men and women is going to increase
rather than decrease.
"A recent article spoke of the wheel as a
social revolutionizer that had never been
equaled, and in my mind its influence has
only just begun. The same article quoted
a physician as saying that 'not within
200 years has there been any one thing
which has so benefited mankind as the in
vention of the bicycle,' from the fact that
it has put all the world out of doors. You
may be sure these people are not going to
be put indoors again, having tasted the
pleasures of air and motion. Wheels will
be cheap in a short time. Their present
price is because the factories cannot sup
ply the demand, but as tneir manufacture
increases the price will lower and a stock
of wheels will be a part of the Household
belongings of every family, just as a stock
of umbrellas is."— New York Times.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. B. Coast and GKODETIO Sitrvby Trn»i
Bulletin Published by Official V
Authority of THIS Superintendent. )
Saturday, June 27. '
Bnn rises 4.481 Moon rises 9.34pm
Sunsets 7.37 1 Moon sets
.Tune — 1890.
NoTE-In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of ocenrrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, excent
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tho
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
f charts, except when a mlnns Rign (-) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by 1 he charm
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hydrogbaphic Office, U. a N., 1
Merchants' Exchange. V
Ban Francisco. June 26. 1896. )
ihe time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day-i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchteleb,
Lieutenant U. 8, N. In clurge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Tunk. 1898
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. -
FRIDAY. June 26.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Nevpors
ami way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Fe:fc M
Stmr Whitesboro, Jonnson. 14 hours from
Point Arena: r r ties, to L X White Lumber Co
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg: lumber, to Samuel Blair.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 28 hours from
Eureka; 105 eds stave bolts. 300 M shakes. 800 11
shingles, 10 J R Hanify.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 48 hours from Coos
Bay: pass .nd mdse. to J D Snreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Albion, i,undquist, 22 hours from Devil
biss Landing: rr ies. to J S Kimball.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 40 hours from Crescent
City; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co: 5 bis bat
ter, to H Ijrler Bros. . „
Stmr North Fork, Hansen. 26 hours from £a
reka; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Brsiilp Kynance, Murphy. 31 days from Na
nalmo, via Koyal Roads i4days; 3247 tons coal,
to John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, 27 days fro
Hilo; 24.000 bags sugor, to J D Spreckels & Bros
Co; 4000 bags sugar, to Williams. Dlmond & to.
Bark Snow & Burgess, Mortenson, 89 days from
Sydney: 2362 tons coal, to Henry Lund & Ca
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, 44 days from Tahiti;
pass and mdse, to J Pinet & Co.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowena
Landing, 150 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
Cleared..
FRIDAY, June 26.
Stmr Columbia. Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co. ■ '
Stmr Pomona, Doran, .Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
Co. • i rJ- u vV'
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall. Perkins
* Co - . ...
Ship Elwell, Ryder, Nanaimo; John Rosenfeld
Sons. ' * - ■ " -: '
Sailed.
FRIDAY, June 28.
Btmr Corona, Hall, San Diego. (
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
- Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka,
Ship Elwell. Ryder. Nanaima
Schr Maid of Orleans, Arf, Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. June 26—10 v. M.-Weather
foggy, wind SW: velocity. 20 miles.
Charters.
The brig Consuelo loads mdse for Mahukona;
schr Muriel, mdse for Honoipu: sour X X Wood,
lumber at Victoria for Tientsin, prior to arrival,
555.
Spoken.
Per nark Snow <& Burgess — 17 In lat 35 N.
long 188 W, spoke the bark Carondelet, 75 days
out from Newcastle, NSW, bound for can Fran
cisco. All well on board.
June 9— Lat 21 N, Ions; 26 W. Br ship Frank
istan, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Memorandum,
Per Tropic Bird— Nor bark Nora to sail frm
Papeete May 24, for Port Townsend.
The Dan bark Henny sailed from Tahiti on May
13 for Punta Delgada, for orders. .
Miscellaneous.
BOSTON— Arrived June 26— Bark Edward May,
from New York, for Honolulu, previously re
ported leaking.
Domestic ' Ports.
VENTURA— Arrived June 26— Stmr GeoLoomis
hence June 25, and sailed for San Francisco.
EUREKA— sailed June 26— Schr Jennie Thelin,
for San Francisco. •
» EUREKA— Arrived June 26— Stmr National
Citr, hence June 25.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 25-Stmr
Alcazar, from San Pedro, and sailed for . June
26— stmr Newsboy, and sailed 'or—.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 26--chr .Hueneme,
for Puget Sound.
ASTORlA— Arrived June Stmr Arcata, hnc
June 19, via Eureka.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived June 26— Stmr Faral
lon. hence June 21.
POINT REYES— Passed June 26— Stnrr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
CASPAR— SaiIed June 26— sour Abble. for Sail
Francisco: schr Maxim, from Monterey.
MKNDOCINO— Arrived June 26— Stmr Point,
Arena, hence June 25; schr W S Phelps, hence
June 21.
, FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 26- Stmr Noyo,
hence June 25: schr Queen, hence June 25.
.FORT ROSS— Sailed June 27— Schr Etta ß, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 26— Stmr - Arago, hnc
June 24.
Foreign Ports.
NANAlMO— Arrlved,June 25— Stmr City of Ev
erett, hence June 20.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 26— Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu. ;' ■"■>.'■ .'
ENSEN'ADa— Sailed June 25— Stmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed May 29— Ship Centen
nial, for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed June 24— Stmr Finance, for New
York.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed June 24— baric
Invercarry, for San Francisco.
CiUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June 25— Brshlp Cam
brianKine, for Hamburg. . . " .
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 25— Br stmr China,
for San Francisco. . ...
DUNGENESS— Passed June < 25— Nor baric
Crown Prince, from Vancouver, for Wolgast.
OABVV AY— Arrived June 24— Br bark Samark
and, from Oregon.
HARWlCH— Arrived June 24— Br ship Hospo
dar, hence Jan 23. : -
NEWCASLE, Arrived June 24— Br ship
Barfillan, hence Jan 24. < r
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamer*.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared June 26— Stmr In
diana, for Liverpool. >-"*■;•-.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 26— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Cherbourg; stmr Lucanla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr St Paul, rm
Southampton: stmr Norge. from Stettin.
. Sailed June 26— Stmr Bonn, for Bremen: stmr
State of Nebraska, for Glasgow.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived out June 26— Stmr
Zaandam. ■ ' '
HAMBURG— Arrived out June 25— Stmr Bcan
dia.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 25— Stmr Nor
mannia. for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed June 26— Stmr Halle, for
New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed June 26— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
GLASGOW— Jnne 25— Stmr Ethiopia, for
New York.
Importations.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— ll bxs oranges.
East San Pedro— 36 pkgs machinery, 15 ca
canned goods.
Los Angeles via LAT Ry— pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— l pkg walnuts, 1
sk 18 pkgs mdse, 2 bdls snools. 9 . bxs lemons, 9
bxs apples.
San Pedro— 2s sks abalone shells, 69 pkgs mdse.
Ventura— B pkes mdse, »cs type, 5 cs maple
syrup, 35 cs honey. 23 bales seaweed, 133 Dxs
lemons, 211 bxs oranges. . -.
Santa Barbara— 3 cs walnuts. 77 pkgs mdse, 217
bxs lemons, 2 bxs fish, 10 bxs orange-*.
Gaviota— 4 bxs butter, 2 bdls pelts, 1 horse, Ibz
fish. •
Fort Harford— l4 bxs fish.
p c Ry stations— B pkes mdne, 19 bxs garden
seed, 16 cs 2 hf-cs cheese, 4 tubs 16 bxs butter, 1
cs hats. H cs eggs. 1 sk dry fruit. 8 cs honey. ;
San LulsObispo— s2 sks beans.
RocKsidlng— 300 sks bituminous rock,
Steeles— 200 sks barley.
Santa Maria— ll92 sks barley.
Cavucos— J tub 36 bxs butter. 13 cs eggs, 34 pkgs
mdse, 2 bbls 2 hf-b bis tallow, 6 bdls hides, 6
dressed calves. -
San Simeon— ls tubs 42 bxs butter, 6cs eggs, 9
pkgs mdxc. ■•- ■ * ' ' • .
Monterey— 63 green hides, 9 bdls calfskins, 8 bdls
green pelts, 'i cs glass. . .
Santa Cruz— 2 pkes mdse..
COOS BAY— Per Truckee— 467 tons coal, 6 pkgs
flannels. Ics cheese, 115 tubs butter, 2 bbls mdse,
1 pig 1 bx mdse, l bdl skins. 1 sk coin.
ARCATA— Per North Fork— l roll glass, 1 gas
tank. 1 pkg hardware, 37 sks peas, 1 trunk
personal effects, 1 bbl glass. 1 cs marble, 98 M
shakes. 168 M ft lumber, 2276 M shingles, 2 pkgs
oilcloth. v - -
TAHITI— Per bktn Tropic Bird— l 4 bis wool. 84
tins • vanilla, 1440 bags copra, 1293 bags M v
shells, 299 sks shells, 4 hf'ttns vanilla beans, 33
pkgs old metal, 1 cs curios, 1 pkg vanilla bea .s, 1
sk coin, us. 000 cocoanuts, 62 tins 12 cs desicated
cocoanuts.
Consignee*.
' Per Tropic Bird— Kennedy <t Frltch; J Plnet &
Co; Man Lee & Co; I E Thayer; J Wlghtman Jr;
Wilklns & Co.
Per North Fork— Baker & Hamilton; C B Rode
A Co: Hawley Bros; Marshall, Teggart A Co; Chas
Nelson : W W Montague A Co: Standard OH Co ;
Nathan, Dohrmann A Co: Marshall, Teggart A Co;
WA J Sloane A Co; (S Anthony; Meyer A Ak
maun.
Per Trnckee— J D Spreckeis A Bros Co; Haas
Bros: Bandon Woolen-mills: C E Whitney A Co;
Dairymen's Union: Hills Bros; Wells, Fargo A Co;
Legallet & Hell wig.
Per Eureka— Gould & Jaudin; Lev! Spieeel A Co:
Dodge, Sweeney A Co; D M Osborne Co; Llndley
A Co: Willamette Pulp A Paper Co: , Crane A Co:
Owens Fruit Co: Union Brewery: Haas Bros: Chas
Tetzen : Son Bros; G H Floyd; Amer Press Assn:
Erlanger & Oallnger; Wieland Brewing Co: H D
dishing: J deMariini: J Ivancovich & Co; Buffalo
Brewery; American Union Fish Co; A Levy A Co;
Wheaton, Breon A Co: L Scatena Co; J S Den
ton: G Camillonl A Co: Garcia A Maggini: Cox
Seed and Plant Co; F Ct>vagnaro: Kowalsky A Co;
A Paladini: Thos Dennlgan A Sons: A Eand A Co;
Pacific (oast Fish Co; Norton. Teller <fc Co: Louis
Kline &Co: Pacific Coast Fish Co: Hills Bros;
O B Smith A Co: Witzel A Baker; Getz Bros A Co;
San Francisco Fish Co;Hilmer, Bredhoff ASchulz;
Brigham. Hoppe A Co: \V B Stunner A Co: Pacific
Paving Co; C E Whitney A Co; WO Price A Co;
Dairymen's Union: Buss, Sanders A Co: Columbus
Buggy Co: Slnsheimerßros: Wellman, Peck <$;Ct;
Chas Montgomery A.CO; Marshall, Teggart & Co;
W B Sumner A Co: H Kirchmann A Co California
Art Glass Works: Bissinger A Co; H H Sattler: A
H Wallace: Maglivacca Wine Co: L D Stone A Co:
De Bernardl A Co; Chicago Brewery; A Wyss; H
GUlesple ; H N Tilden A Co.
''■For' Lail Shipping Intelligence Sec Fifteenth Pag*MANY INTERESTS
PLACED ON TRIAL
Editor High Prosecuted by
W. J. Dingee for Crim
inal Libel.
FULL JURY SELECTED.
W. W. Foote Appears for the
President of the Water
Company.
HISTOBY TOID IN QUERIES.
The Trial Expected to Decide Many
Questions That Are Now
in Doubt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 26. f
Not since Judge Wood was elected to
the bench has the Police Court presented
euch a dignified appearance as this morn-
Iditor High !s Surprised That Libel
i-n ts Shou d Have Been Brought in
i ak ard.
ing. Gavin Dhu High, editor of the Oak
land Times, was on trial for the alleged
libelm_- of President W. J. Dingee of the
Oakland Water Company. On account of
tbe many sided issues that will be intro
duced the case is of the greatest interest
to capitalists, bankers, politicians and
many others who are supposed to be in
some way or other connected with the
newspaper that has made more history
than any paper in this county.
W. W. Foote was present as special at
torney for tbe prosecution in connection
with Deputy District Attorney Church.
High was represented by W. A. and li.
M. iieatty of San Francisco.
In ihe lobby were M. J. Keller, who re
cently gave a p"ze of $20 for an essay on,
"Why the Oakland Times is not a News
paper" ; Frank J. Moflitt, who is associated
with the D ngee Water Company, but who
says that he is not in the fight; C. L. Max
well, who owned the Times for a few weeks
before G. D. High was put in control and
who compared it to a sieve; Emil Xus
haurcer, ti. M. Cameron, Christian Scuret
ber, F. al. FarweJl, and many attorneys
and merchants.
The usual play was made for a con
tinuance by defendant's attorneys, but it
was denied and tbe talesmen were called
to the box.
The examination of the talesmen showed
what each side feared most. The Oakland
Water .Company and Editor High seemed
to be only secondary factors in the case.
W. E. Dargie and F. J. Moffitt seemed to
be most feared by the editor's counsel,
while W. W. Foote was not particularly
anxious that friends of the officers of local
banks should be on tbe jury. There was a
history told between the lines of the exam
ination to which each talesman was sub
jected. Although Mr. High declares he is
tole editor and proprietor of the Times it
President Dargie Was Merely an Inter
ested Spectator-
is known that there is a heavy incum
brance upon it, and an impression pre
vails that Mr. High is not altogether re
sponsible for what appears in the paper he
edits.
Of course, everybody knows that Frank
J. Moffittis on the inside of everything
connected with the paper, as he owned it
for several years, and he is really a central
figure n the suit, although he is not men
tioned even as a witness. Every talesman
was asked if he knew Mr. Moffit or had
"done politics" with him, and while many
answered atlirmatively, many had not.
The whole day was taken up with get
ting a jury, and finally the following
twelve were agreeable to all parties: Ed
Wbitehea.i, pianodealer; H. F. Larrabee,
carpenter; C. Wiedersheim, florist; G. L.
Broadwater, builder; H. Bruenn, music
teacher: W. C. Ma-on, confectioner; 8.
Anderson, carpet dealer; A. S. Wood
bridge, real estate; Byron Rutley, tailor;
J. S. Watson, nurseryman; J. Smith,
photographer; F. M." Farwell, paint
dealer.
The case was then continued to next
Monday for the taking of testimony.
Theater Lea«e Renewed.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— The original
lease of the Macdonough Theatre was
surrendered this afternoon to the estate.
A little later a new lease was recorded to
Manager Friedlander. As the original
lease was to Al Bou7ier, who sent all the
Baldwin attractions over here, the new
le«tse to the Columbia management ia
looked upon with mucn interest. It is not
known what effect, if any, the chance will
have upon the Macdonough management,
which has been made very successful by
Ch arles E. Cooke.
PHYSICIANS QULAIFY.
The Board of Health Now H»i Four
Homeopath Mem
bers.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— Dr. Nelson
H. Chamberlain and Dr. Sloan £. Small,
the two homeopath pnysicians Mayor
Davie appointed Thursday afternoon as
members of the Board of Health, qualified
this afternoon. They both strongly deny
that there has been any consultation or
arrangement regarding patronage and say
they are bound by no pledges or promises
to any party, person or cliques regarding
patronage. "
The majority of the board are now
homeopath, while the old board were allo
path and there is much speculation as to
what changes will be made, as all the
patronage is now held be the friends of the
latter school.
RAISING THE FUNDS.
Alameda County Endeavorers Ready to
Do Their Share.
OAKLAND, Cal.. June 26.— The First
Baptist Christian Endeavor Society took
the initial step for Alameda County En
deavorers last night in raising the $25,000
guaranteed from this county toward de
fraying the expenses of the International
Endeavor Convention of 1897, which, it ia
expected, will be held in San Francisco.
It was voted that the society with a mem
bership of 105 should raise $150 for that
purpose.
The societies throughout the city and
county will now all be appealed to to de
termine what they can and will do in this
work, and it is believed tnere will be no
trouble in raising the necessary amount
among the eighty-five or more societies.
The Calilornia'delegation to the conven
tion at Washington, D. C, will leave next
Tuesday morning. July 4 and 5 will be
spent in Chicago, and all will arrive at
their destination Wednesday, July 7, about
3 p. m.
Among those who will be in attendance
from this county will be Rev. R. F. Coyle,
D. D., Rev. Barton W. Perry, A. J. Mc-
Murtry and Miss Mabel Doub. There are
several others who may yet decide to go.
SAID A FLY BIT HIM.
Reason Assigned by William Collins for
Demolishing Household Effects.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— William
Collins, the young man who demolished
the furniture at his home Wednesday af
ternoon because, as he said, a fly had bit
him on the cheek and he wanted to kill it,
was committed to Napa by the Insanity
Commissioners to-day.
He is only 26 years of age, but for eight
years or more he has been kept chained in
a room in his mother's cottage at 167
Eighth street. He sat grinning through
out the proceedings.
The mother and sister told of his queer
and violent conduct and said they were
afraid of their lives while he web about.
ALAMEDA IS PROSPERING
This Is Shown by the Increase
in Deposits at the Savings
Bank.
Evidence Tendered in the Irjunction
Suit of a Technical Nature
Only.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 26.— According
to the figures supplied by Cashier J. E.
Baker of the Alameda Bank the city is
steadily prospering. The dividend to de
■ positors in the savings bank for the half
i year just ending is4j^ per cent per annum.
[ The last dividend was 4V£ per cent, and
t the decrease is brought about chiefly, says
. the cashier, by the increase in the local
i rate of taxation.
1 "Business," said the cashier, "has in
-1 creased since January. At that time there
was on deposit in the savings bank $600,
--000; now there is $640,000. The number of
depositors is 2995; in January the number
was 2777."
In the commercial department, or bank
proper, the usual aividend has been de
clared, and there is now on deposit $200,
--000. The amount of capital stock in the
bank proper is $100,000, all of which has
bean subscribed.
In the savings institution the capital
stock is the name, but the amount paid up
is only $40,000. Messrs. R. R. Thompson
and Joseph Knowiand hold the greatest
number of shares in both concerns.
Fleming's Injunction Suit.
ALAMEDA. Cal., June 26.— The evi
dence tendered to-day against ibe City
Trustees in the injunction suit was all of a
technical character. T. G. Cartwright,
Wallace Briggs and R. T. Valentine were
examined. The opinions offered were,
that incandescent dynamos cannot be
operated economically in furnishing arc
lights, and that the present condition of
the plant is sufficient io furnish incandes
cent lights for commercial purposes. Cart
wright admitted he had not operated a
plant since 1888, and Briggs that he knew
nothing about the facts of the case.
So far, Delanoy has stated, on oath and
elsewhere, that he had no interest in the
Fleming suit, but the examination of the
city's electrician reveals the opposite.
Wiese was invited to call at the Sterling
Company's office by Delanoy. This was i
about the beginning of April, and before
going he consulted with the City Attor
ney. Wiese stated he called, and Delanoy
and Lloyd made a proposition to him
which would insure him a job with them
as an electrician. Behind the door of the
room where the conversation took place
sat a stenograp er, busily engaged in
taking the conversation. Mr. Bruner
sought to introduce these stenographic
notes in evidence. It is expected the case
will close to-morrow.
Notes of the Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 26.— The Peo
ple's Party Club will discuss at its meet- I
ing to-morrow night, "Money; Is It
Created by God, by Labor or by Law?' 1
A. A. Schneider, administrator of the
estate of Matthew Schneider, has sola The
Call route in Alameda to A. F. Classen.
Spruce Camp No. 132, W. O. W., holds
an increase meeting ana high jinks on j
Wednesday evening next. Pawnee Tribe, i
1. O. R. M.\ will celebrate at Sunset Park j
on July 4.
The Encinal Yacht Club cruise to Goat i
Island scheduled for to-morrow has been
indefinitely postponed.
The Christian Endeavor societies will go
to Glenwood Springs on July 4.
BAILEY ORDAINED.
Next Week He Will Be Married to MUs
Hansen.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26. -Rev. A. W.
Bailey, who as a student has been in
charge of the Congregational chapel at
Fruitvale for some time past, was formally
ordained into the ministry yesterday at a
council held for that purpose in the Hay
wards Congregational Church. He will
now accept the pastorate of the Fruitvale
church.
Besides these two important events in
his life next Thursday he will be united in
wedlock to Miss Minnie Hansen, a niece
of Mrs. Weatherby, at the home of the
latter on East Fourteenth street and Fruit
vale avenue.
» . ■» — «
Some Republican gold-bug history in to
day's Star. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
MISERY WITHIN
THE CITY OF GOD,
Five Starving Infants Found
in a Tent at Beulah
Park. '
HUNGRY AND SHIVERING
Food for the Soul in Plenty, but
No Nourishment for
the Body.
"LET ME TO THY BOSOM FLY."
Two of the Little Ones and the
Mother in Need of Medical
Aid
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 26. t
Oat in Beulah Park a young-looking
woman was found to-day, living in a tent
MISERY WITHIN THE CITY OF GOD.
The dreary tent in the "Park of Peace" where a faithful mother was found
yesterday doing all in her power to keep five little tots from starving.
. with five little children. The family is
• destitute and practically deserted by the
bread-winner.
The wind was blowing strong and cold,
k but nowhere in the vicinity was it blowing
stronger or more coldly than on the indi
vidual slope of Beulah Park where was
the forlorn dwelline-place of this unhappy
family.
The park is not generally associated
I with squalor and poverty. It is the scene
of religious revivals and its very name sig
nifies "peace." In the tabernacle, a short
distance from the abode of unhappiness,
the songs of Zion are sung daily aud a few
. nights ago scores of people were so happy
I at having been "born again into the king
dom of life and happiness" that they
were overcome by the power of the Para
i clete. So the evangelists said. The place
i is owned by a millionaire, who is credited [
j I with being notably generous, and "God-
I bless you" resounds in the camp from
i : morn till midnight.
In such a place no one looks for misery.
Within the sound of the sweet singing of j
! | many Christians the cries of hungry, cold |
i little children and of a faithful, buffering j
i mother are not expected. But they are
, there, within the confines of what is con
sidered by those that dwell therein an
earthly paradise.
Mrs. Prescott, agent of the Children's
Society, visited the place to-day and
learned a heartrending story from a young
woman who is pale, rather pretty and of a
delicate build and frail in health. He
name is Mrs. Talbert, and she has been
I married ten years, although she does not
look to be more than 25 years of age. Four
children have been buried and five are
with her in the tent, which is small, and
on the windward slope of Beulah Park.
A baby of 8 months old is very ill and was
i never strong. Another of 21 months of
I age is also ill. There is an old stove out
side the tent which has passed the day of
usefulness.
William Talbert, the father, has been at
i the Harty mining camp, Shasta County,
[ about a year where he is employed irregu
larly. He sent his family to Oakland
i about a month ago. His wife had one fol
iar in her possession upon arriving here
and did not receive a line from her hus
band till this morning. Contrary to his
promise and expectation the letter con
tained neither money nor mention of any.
Cruelty and want have contributed their
share toward clouding wijat was onee —
as is very evident — an unusually bright
mind and making a devoted mother at
times an unsafe companion for her little
ones with whom she is alone, except when
an occasional tenter invites them to make
a brief call.
So far as food is concerned, the family
have been without any, except what a few
friends have carried to them, and the frail
mother says that they have made up for
the lacK of food by an extra allowance of
water. On one occasion, when she had
j three babies nursing the bottle at one
time, she was obliged to crawl around on
her hands and knees to get their milk, be
cause of a severe attack of rheumatism.
Several times she has been forced to get
up when her baby has been but two days
old and care for her family. To make
! matters worse, it will not be long before
I there is another little member added to
! the household.
The father was written to-day and asked
what he proposes to do. An effort will be
made to have all the children provided for
and the mother given the treatment her
condition demands.
"It is the saddest case I have met," said
Mrs. Prescott to-night.
•'The cause of it all seems to be a lack of j
responsibility on the part of the father, in !
addition to intemperance and general I
worthlessness. Out of all this there is the j
I consequent cruelty that naturally follows.
And the mother is a bright, proud little
thing, who richly deserves the best of care,
if for nothing else than for nor fidelity to
her helpless little ones."
When a Call man went to the tent at
dusk the night was rapidly growing colder
and the air was damp.
"We cannot cook anything to-night,"
said the frail woman, because the wind is
the wrong way to suit the stove. We have
had plenty to eat to-day, because some
friends came here; but many days we
have wanted and have drunk water to
moke us feel less hungry. I can stand it,
but for the little ones it is hard."
As the mother was speaking she stood
at the door of the tent, shivering. She
did not ask the visitor in, as the tent was
not put in order. Probably her tired limbs
had done as much "housekeeping'" as in
places where circumstances were favor
able, but she was not disposed to parade
her poverty. The little ones ran in and
out of the "tent and a little tot pointed to
the eaves and said to the artist, "Mister,
yer ain't got der picter in."
The "picture" to which the dirty little
hand pointed was a piece of card with a
text of scripture on it.
What irony 1 The words were, "Behold 1
I come quickly and my reward is with
me."
Then the baby, who was pressed close to
its mother's breast, began to cry. It was a
fretful cry, and the sound caused the
mother's wan brow to knit still closer.
Just at that moment the beautiful, soft
notes came o'er the lea from the taber
nacle :
Jesus, lover of my soul,
Let me to thy boaom fly.
A new light came into the woman's eye
and with it a tear.
"Yes, that's it," she said half audibly.
Asking to be excused, she withdrew, shiv
ering, into the tent to be alone with her
misery and her darlings, for she loves
them. ______________
Oak lander Honored.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26. —Dr. George
H. Derrick of this city to-day received no
tification that he had been appointed to a
vice-presidency of the National Repub
lican League Club. This gives him the
charge of the organization of these clubs
in the Third Congressional pistrict, and
will be of much interest to many Repub
licans of the district.
REPUBLICANS AT OUTS,
Each of Berkeley's Two Clubs
Wonders Why the Other
Exists.
Young Stoddard, the Would-Bs Actor,
Declaims to the Oaks of Mitch*
ell's Canyon.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 26.— East
Berkeley has two Republican clubs, and
each is questioning the other's rieht to
exist. Many citizens are in a quandary to
know which of tne two is the legitimate
club and which one should receive Orst
recognition. In each club there are over
100 members, and citizens of about equal
standing are on their membership roll.
The first club to- be formed came into
life through the instrumentality of Robert
Edgar, a member of the Republican Con
gressional Committee. This club met and
organized at Odd Fellows' Hall a short
time ago, with William L. Hill as presi
dent, Robert Edgar vice-president, and C.
S. Merrill secretary, while the second club
was organized last Tuesday night at a
meeting called by John W. Strieker of the
Republican County Central Committee.
Members of the Strieker Club declare that
the Edgar Club was organized without
the assistance or approval of any other
regular Republican organizations, and
that it will not receive recognition by the
S tate Central Committee.
The Strieker men further claim that their
club is the only one that should exist as a
representative body, and that coalition is
the only thing that should result from
their now separate and inharmonious ex
istence.
On the other hand, some of the most
prominent members of the Edgar Club
maintain that their club should receive
recognition at the hands of the State Cen
tral Committee, since they were first to
permanently organize.
The SirickerClub has several member
ship rolls now in circulation, with the
hope of increasing i:s membership before
the next meeting occurs Tuesday evening.
Talks to the Trees.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 26.— Roy Stod
dard, the youthful would-be actor, has left
home and, in the absence of a more inspir
ing audience, is engaged in declaiming to
the trees and landscape of Mitchell's
Canyon.
Stodrlard was a member of the company
organized by young Chick, which dis
banded when the organizer and manager
was locked up In his home by a mother
who did not approve of his histrionic
efforts. Chick is still confined and Stod
dnrd, presumably with a view to keeping
in practice, spends his time in rehearsing
amid the solitude of Mitchell's Canyon
the stirring scenes he and his companions
were to have presented in Shattuck Hall.
Brief New* Items
BERKELEY, Cal., June 26.— The mar
riage of Margaret McDonald of Berkeley
and D. J. McNeil of Los Angeles took
place yesterday morning. Rev. Father
Phillips officiated.
The Populists of West Berkeley held a
meeting to-night at their clubrooms in
the west end.
The ladies of the Political Equality So
ciety of Oakland met at the residence of
Mrs. Stokes, Khnkner avenue, last even
ing and discussed the issues of the day.
On next Thursday evening Berkeley
Lodge, I. 0. O. F., will install their new
officers for the ensuing six months.
The Carpenters' Union ot Berkeley will
give a social in Pythian Hall on July 6. The
committee of arrangements consists of
Messrs. Moran, Steedman, Richter,
Mitchell and McClellan.
The Salingers will play the Queen City
Baseball Club to-morrow afternoon on the
campus.
At the meeting of the Lorin Christian
Endeavor Society last evening, the follow
ing officers were elected: President, A.
Wright; vice-president, Miss Irwin; re
cording secretary, Miss Shores; treasurer,
H. Irwin.
Has Little Fear.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— Miss Maude
Smith is not afraid of being a young
widow, as she has consentpd to become
the wife of Robert Eariston, the aeronaut
who goes up in balloons and descends by
the parachute route. In their license he
gives hiß age as 21 and that of his pros
pective bride as 18.
WANTS HARRIS INDICTED
Mrs. Margaret Barkeley Goes
Before the Grand
Jury.
She Accuses a Stock Broker of
Embezzling Her Money and
Stocks.
Yesterday Mrs. Margaret Barkeley and
her lawyer, Frank Shay, presented to the j
Grand Jury a very serious accusation
against Charles P. Harris, a stockbroker
at 318 Pine street. According to the nar
rative told to the District Attorney and
said to be sustained by entries taken from
the books of the broker by an expert ac
countant, the vender of stock did a smash
ing business with other people's money
and stocks, and then had no means of set
tling accounts when the day of reckoning
came.
According to Mrs. Barkeley's version,
Harris brought her out in debt to him in
the sum of $11,000. As she was positive that
a large sum was due to her she got Mr. Shay
to examine the books and then some re
markable transactions were revealed. In
one transaction, where he advanced $631
ti complete the purchase, on her account,
of 200 shares of Con. Virginia, 100 of Ophir
ar.d 100 of Overman, he sold the stock on
the day of purchase for $1160. Then with
$500 of her money in his pocket he charged
her interest on $631 for years, and bought
up an assessment account of $842 on stocks
which he had sold.
In another transaction he bought 100
shares of Belcher for $612, charged Mrs.
Barkeley that amount and sold the stock
the same day at that price. When sold on
her order she got only $134 from him. She
avers that he never "kept a share of stock
over night — that he sold evervthiug in
sight — and when the recent advance in
stocks came he had nothing to sell, and
consequently went under. She claims
that Harris owes her $4000.
It was related as an incident of Har
ris' career that he owed Mr. Lillie of San
Jose a large sum on account. Lillie or
dered his Con. Virginia sold, but Harris
did not have it. The San Jose man gave
notice that he would have a settlement
without the aid of courts and lawyers, and
the matter became so serious that Harris'
father-in-law put up $5000 and settled with
Lillie.
Mrs. Barkeley told the District Attorney
that she was only one of 120 women
whose money and stocks bad been swept
away by Harris' peculiar methods of do
ing business. She had been implored by
others to be lenient and give him time.
She says that she did consider at one time
the advisability of making still further
advances of money when she deemed it
best to have her lawyer look at the broker's
books. This expert examination disclosed
such a state of affairs that she resolved to
seek to have Harris indicted for embezzle
ment on the showing of her own accounts.
THISTLE CLUB SOCIAL.
Scottish Clans Make Merry in Native
Sons' Hall.
Lads and lassies in highland costumes
appeared in the drama, rendered instru
mental selections and exhibited their
prcwess with foil and club at a literary
entertainment given by the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club in Native Sons'
Hall last evening. The hall was decorated
in an interesting manner. "San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Clbb" was emblazoned in
letters of gold on the drop curtain, which
was of the deepest crimson.
The balcony rail was completely ob
scured by rich draperies of white and blue,
studded here and there with tiny stars j
which shone like burnished gold. To com
plete the scene fiags of the United States
and of the United Kingdom were ar
ranged together in a pleasing manner.
When the entertainment opened a large
crowd was in waiting, and if repeated en
cores are to be accepted as an indication
the efforts of the participants were highly
appreciated.
Following is the programme:
Overture, medley of Scottish airs, Falrgrieve
& Gregg's Orchestra; scene from Sheridan
Knowles' play, "The Wife" (in which St. Pierre
by a trick-gets possession of the dagger of the
viliia.ii Duke, and is enabled to compel him to
sign the confession of his own infamous prac
tices — St. Pierre, George W. Paterson ; Ferrardo,
Emilo Lastretoj; fencing exhibition, Professor
Tronchet, assisted by Emil Ortion and Jliss
May Warring; baritone solo, selected, William
H. Hallett: club swinging, Messrs.Bernhar.it
and Holdridge; character sketch. "An Artist's
Dream," Will Car!ton. (The artist, an admirer
of Burns, has just completed a portrait of the
bard. Dreaming of fame and future greatness,
his erratic fancy conjures from the canvas the
living semblance of the poet, who regales him
with song and story till cock-crow, at the
sound of which he reappears upon the canvas.)
Specialties, up to aate, Little Victoria Orr; in
teriude, "Memories o' the Auld Hame," Fair
grieve <fe Gregg's Orchestra.
"The 'f rib llations of a Married Flirt"—Nico
demus Nobbs, a toy vender, George W. Pater
son; Mackintosh Moke, "tne married flirt,"
JamesNiven; Eglantine Roseleaf, a fop, Tom
Jrwln; Julia, Moke's wife.. Miss A. G. Paterson;
Susie Hopkins, the maid, Mrs. George W. Pat
erson; porters, etc.
Scene— lnterior of Sunflower Lodge. Time-
Present.
The committees were:
Literary — Gerge \V. Paterson, chairman;
George Bushby, James Gillies, George G. Wat
son, Thomas Christie.
Floor Manager, George G. Watson.
Floor committee— D. Pollock, D. Brown, F.
Fitzgerald, W. Gillies.
At the conclusion of the proeramme all
present mingled in the mazes of the dance
until the "wee sma' hours" of morn
ing.
FORECLOSURE ONLY.
No Desire for a New Receiver for thi>
California and Nevada Bail
road.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— Regarding
the suit of the Central Trust Company of
New York to foreclose its mortgage on
the California and Nevada road, as an
nounced this morning, Receiver King has
this to say:
"The Trust Company is the holder of
two bond issues of this road. The first
issue was on work actually done on the
road and cash expended by Captain J. W.
Smith in construction. The second issue,
it is claimed, is illegal, as it is not based
on actual work on the road. The com
pany is satisfied with the receiver and
present management of the road and does
not desire to make any change.'
. — ♦ — « — •
Brutal Killing of a Pet.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— Dr. Boyes'
coachman reported an aggravated case of
cruelty to the Humane Society to-day.
Dr. Boyes is now traveling in Europe, and
he left his little boy and a valuable pet
dog'in the care of his coachman. Yester
day the do« chased a duck belonging to a
woman residing on Park avenue. The
coachman says the woman clubbed the
dog to death, after tying it to a fence, and
finally cut off its head. The Sheriff and
Secretary Sanford have examined into the
matter and a warrant will be issued.
Waif at San Leandro.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., June 26. — A
little babe was found near Joseph Herr
scher's store this morning. It was on a
doorstep and had been pbandoned. The
news of the finding oi the little one created
excitement in the town, where a similar
event is unknown. It is being temporarily
cared for, and will be taken to the Chil
dren's Society in Oakland.
An Unpleasant Dispatch.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— Mrs. Mont
gomery, assistant pastor of the First
Slethodist Church, "received a dispatch
from Marshville, Or., to-night containing
the information that her son, who went
north some time ago for his health, had
suddenly gone insane.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Sales
AUCTION SALE FOB CREDITORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed In my hands by the CREDITORS of the
ORIENTAL TRADING * COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10:30 A. M. and 2 P. M., and Continuing Daily Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on the coast, consisting of Oriental Ococo Rags, Elegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old Satsuma, Kaga, Kociil. Cloisonne. Awata. Blshu, Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments. Hale positive as store is rented. . Ladies particularly invited.
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
GALLOPERS AT SAN JOSE,
A Race Meeting to Be Held in
the Garden City Beginning
in July.
Races by Electric Light One of the
Objectionable Features— Good
Purses Promised.
San Jose is to have a spell of summer
racing furnished by the jaded nags that
are now eating their beads off in stalls ad
jacent to the local racecourses in Oakland
and Sacramento.
The projector of the new enterprise in
the Garden City is Cliff Phillips, proprie
tor of the People's Palace in this City, who
has secured a lease of tbe Santa Clara
Agricultural Society's park and racecourse
for a period of ten years, beginning July 1.
In the racing venture are associated
with Mr. Phillips several local and San
Jose horsemen, whose names are as yet
kept in the background.
In an interview, Mr. Phillips stated
that it was the intention to open the race
meeting about July 20, to run three days
each week, continuing until the opening
of the Agricultural Society's annual fair
in September.
' The size of the purses has not yet been
decided on, but Mr. Phillips stated they
would be substantial enough to induce the
owners to cuter their horses.
There are now about 125 horses quar
tered on the San Jose track, and with the
additional ones that will be attracted by
the offer of good purses, the men inter
ested in the deal think some good racing
could be furnished. The races would be
run under the rules of the Agricultural
Society of that county, and the society
would also have the appointing of the offi
cials in the stand. Where the jockeys will
be secured is a mystery, for nearly all of
the riders that were seen in the saddle at
the last Ingleside meeting are now follow
ing the Montana circuit.
The one undesirable feature of the new
enterprise is the fact that it is tbe inten
tion of the management to give races by
electric Jight on Saturday night of each
week, and oftener if the innovation proves
a success. Arc lights will be strung around
the track for a distance of four furlongs, ,
and this will be the limit of the dashes to
start with. Electric light racing has been
tabooed by reputable turf organizations
tbe country over, an«l if this feature is not
eliminated the San Jose track will prob
ably find its name placed on the outlaw
list.
Regarding the foreien book feature the
projector said the question has not been
introduced. "In fact," said Mr. Phillips,
"our plans are not yet fully matured."
FIRE IN NEW SAULSALITO.
Three Buildings and Their Con
tents Destroyed in a Few
Minutes.
Excellent Work of Checking the
Flames Done by the Crews of
the Ships.
t SAUBALITO, Cal., June 26.— At 11:30
to-nigtJt a disastrous fire broke out in
j what is known as NewSausalito. Suddenly
the flames were seen breaking out of Jndge
Belrude's stable, and before hardly an ef
fort could be raaae to check the fire, the
building and contents were destroyed.
The horses, however, were saved.
The flames extended to Paul Trouett's
butcher-shop and stables, and both build
ings were soon in ashes.
Upon the first alarm of fire the officers
and crews of the ships ia the harbor hur
ried ashore and did excellent work in
checking the flames. The men were from
the British ships Hollingwood, Brablock,
Kilmeny and the Uahnemann.
They saved the new residence of Joe
Lawrence only by the greatest efforts.
The furniture was all moved out of the
menaced building badly scorched.
Several of the persons who were fighting
the fire were slightly burned by the fierce
flames.
The damage caused by the destruction
of the three buildings and their contents
is übout $3000, partially covered by insur
ance. The origin of the fire is unknown,
but it is thought to have been the work of
an incendiary.
CALLED TO HIS REWARD
Death of Father Fernandes of the Por
tuguese Church After a Short
Illness.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 26.— Father F.
Fernandes, pastor of the St. Joseph's Por
tuguese Church at Magnolia and Seventh
streets, died last night after a ten days'
illness.
The remains will be taVen to the church
after Sunday's services and will lie in state
until 10 a. M. Monday, when the funeral
will be held.
Archbishop ftiordan will officiate, as
sisted by Father Gloria and other local
priests. -'.-'.•'.'■ '
« — »
RAILROAD SUIT DISMISSED.
Judge Seairell Refuses to Allow J. How
ard Smith to Amend a Complaint.
Judge Seawell yesterday refused to al
low J. Howard Smith to file au amended
complaint in his suit against the Market
street Railway Company et a).
Smith is a stockholder in the Ferries
and Cliff House Railway Company. The
Market-street Company holds some real
estate that Smith claims belongs to the
company in which he is a stockholder. He
urged the Cliff House railway to sue the
Market-street Company for the land, but
it refused. He then brought suit in his
own name, alleging in his complaint that
the Market-street Company is not legally
incorporated. He now desires to amend
the complaint by adding to it certain pro
ALLEN COWAN,
Auctioneer— 330 Sutter Street. Advances
on Consignments.
WIIiL SKLL THIS DAT,
At his rooms, '230 Sutter St.,
At 11 o'clock, without reserve,
THE CONTENTS OF A FOUR-ROOn FLAT.
1 Stove; 5 Bedroom Sets in Oak: Hair Mat-
tresses: Pillows; Box Mattresses: Box Couches;
6 and 8 foot Exienslon Tables; Chairs; Orna-
ments: CrocKery and Glassware: Parlor Tables
and Chairs: also 1 Billiard Tuble: Elegant Bar
Fixtures: Very Handsome Showcase of Beautiful
Birds. Brokers can be sure the goods are for sale.
ASSIGNEE^ SALE.
Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's sale.
Bockaways, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc., must
go. Come and make an offer. 1128-1141
lission sc
ceedings on the part of representatives of
the two railway companies. . .
Judge Seawall in his opinion says: "If
the Market-street Company is not an in
corporation it is not a person, and neither
can it be a party to an action. Even if the
company were a corporation it would be
unnecessary for plaintiff to set up proceed*
j intrs under which that company claims
title for the purpose of showing that they
are invalid* on their face. ' The burden
would be for it to show that it had title.
Plaintiff's motion is, therefore, denied."
. « ♦ — •
BALDWIN ON A SALARY.
The New Fee Bill Causes the Marshal
to liOse Several Thousand
Dollars.
The bill recently passed by Congress
placing United States marshals and depu
ties on salary will go into effect July 1.
Marshal Baldwin will now get $4000, in
stead of a possible $6000, as under the fee
system. This year Baldwin has made all
the law allows, though during the preced
ing twelve months he was a few hundred
dollars shy.
His deputies, five in number, will also
be placed on a salary and appointed by
the Attorney-General. Marshal Baldwin
has recommended the reappointment of
the entire force under him, and there is
no reason to suppose that the authorities
at Washington will go contrary to his
wishes.
Sam Knight and Bert Schlessinger, as
sistants to the District Attorney, were re
appointed yesterday for a term of four
years.
BY A STRATEGIC MOVE.
The Columbia Theater Management
Now Controls the Macdonough.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob <fe Co. of
the Columbia Theater of this City have
leased the Macdonoueb. Theater in Oak
land. The Macdonough compares favor
ably with any of the theaters in the State.
It is the intention of the new manage
ment to give continuous performances in
their newly acquired house, or as nearly
so as is possible.
Mr. Friedlander stated that there would
be no discriminating, but that all good
and first-class attractions would be booked
for engagements at their houses. For the
opening of the Macdonough. which occurs
on Tuesday, July 7, John Drew, with Lis
company, will be the attraction.
• * m
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
J Enrigbt, Redding H Fraley, Sacto
C B Carroll, Ca." C F Hoffman, Cal
A B Lemmore, Cal W E Lande, lowa
Mrs M Hoover, Sacto W X Healey, Cal
P .Johnson. Sta Cruz C Carlson, Newcastle
F X Hofer Jr. Nev Mrs C 1) steele, Ohicago
MissM Steele, Chicago Miss Collins, Cal
Miss iiace. Cal T E Naber, Fresno
F A Hawkins, Williams J Sullivan, Willows
Aaron Smith, Los Ang A 8 Cooper, Cal
H Wines <fe w, Cal F O Bacon, Collins
X v Somali, Collins E Va entine & w, Alaska
P Varine. Alaska T J Hall. Gridley
H W Crew <fe Jam, Cal Mrs M Donnelly, Cal
Mrs A R Gaudoefo, Cal Miss C Gaudoefo, Cal
Mrs AC Tuck. NY C B Hall, Sacto
G A Mason, Boston T Prat her, Oakland
J Hinds. Sta Cruz J M J-lodgm, Lodi
Mrs M Lucas.Y'.kohama J Hayes, Boston
MrsG M Flnley. V C Miss M G Lewis, Oregon
I N Lean. Arizona R M Drake, Sacto
J X Wilson, Sacto <* M Foo'.e, Ho lister
B D Hurd, lowa Miss Paxton, Cal
E E Hall, Los Ang W X Brown, Cal
T J£ Hartenbower, 111
BUSS HOUSE.
Mrs 3 Khodes, Reno Miss P Rhodes, Reno
Dr J F Mobn. Los Ang John Daly, Hi aldsburg
W J Kropke, San Diego J Thompson, sta Barbara
J H Mnrray&w, Tucson T J Murray, Volcano
J Medery, Pope Valley J L Wotler*. Pope Valley
L H Suecteed, Pope Val L Bonos. Ceorgeiown
M S Morrow, XJ R O McCullougb, Mo
F J Murphy, Guernevtlle J Bannister, San Jose
H 9 Rams y, San Jose H J Allen. Santa Rosa
MrSenderlate<Sw,Oakid H F Davis, Stockton
G H.Tbst, Kines Land* B Peord. Oakland
Oolvereni-e.Geyserville
A Kssen, N J J D Arlington. Cal
Mrs a J Lynch, S Cruz Miss W E Craig. Cal
F X Merrill, cloverdale John Donley <£ w, Cal
J Gay. Sierra Co A Newlea?. N V
C E Maloney.Santa Cruz F Waters, Bowlder Creek
W Washford, Haywarrts Dr P M Menefoe, Arcala
Miss J R Bryan, Kureka Miss E Clifford, Eureka
>*Iss C <'harles. Eureka X V Spencer, Susan villa
C E Taffen. Chicago J W Kenoney, Mexico
J W Evans, Jackson R McDonald, Butte Co
M M O'Del, Bakersfleld CW Weaver, Healdsburg
Mrs J Senate, L Angeles L Jones, Eureka
LICK HOUSE.
J Lake, Cal W H Coleman, Oakland
J L Delano, Rocklln PWMahon, Bakersfield
D Fairbanks, Petaluma Miss Fairbanks, Petalum
Miss D Fairbanks, Peta Mrs M A Johnson, Reno
J 1' Sheridan, Roseburg F Wickersham, Fresno
X Mahon, YubaClty C B -eeley, Napa
C Gonzales 4f, Mexico L Orozco, Mexico
W Truckee Miss & Bubb, Santa Clara
Mrs U HaHhouse, Cal Mrs Dean, Lawrence
M iss Sutherland, Cal J W < ntes, Santa Rosa
D F. Knight * w, Marysv J D Calp, Man Fllipe
W J McDermott, S Jose F Morris, Cal
C J Freeman A w, Sacto J F Carpenter, Mtn View
C A Rice, santa Crun E L Van Cleet, Stockton
0 H Keys, Pescadero R T Allen. Oakland
H Spring, San Jose G Blake, Redding
O Deming <t w, Ventura A Hastings & w, Merced
H Beeger. Kedwood Cty F Zix, Tarbinken
J Kocb, Cal N Xellson <fe w, Mt Eden
F Smith, Iresno E P Colgan 4 f, Sacto
D C Morgan, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
W P McTCalr. Wichita Mrs J Johnson, Oakland
W T Wright, Mt View Mrs J O Reis, C«l
S H Br oks, Cal J A Limbach, Chicago
D A Wilkins, Chicago W T Hughes, U 8 N
J C Moore, Chicago Mrs C Fenton, Cal
G B Bennett, St Louis Mrs W A Bell. Cal
Miss Bell, Cal N A Covarrubias, L A rig
W S Jackson, Shanghai J F Farraher, Vreka
MrsWSJackson.shangh W W Adams, Mom
L Manning. Mont T Early, Mont
Mrs Leach, Oakland Mrs H Hubbs, X V
Mm J T Newcomb &d, a F Wainwrlght, H V
i <>, Angeles J McNeil. Santa Cruz
C W Lyford, NY 8 McMurtne, Gnadalnp«
MnSMrsLJßelloniJrXY Miss Bcllonl, N V
Mrs E I Caldwalder.Cal J S Siilick. Stanford
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H X Sempers, Sac C H Bluhn. Sao
A A Marvin, sac P Megro, Mexico
J S Jones, Stockton B s Bowers, Chicago
Mrs C W Holloway.OrrW J E Hayes. Sao
<J W Place, Santa Cruz S H Mosher, Chicago
F B Wilmetts, N V H Towler, .Napa
H T Barney. Seattle R Conn, Portland
W P Sullivan, Astoria H T Carr, Mexico
H C Johnson, Tacoma M Dillon, Tacoma
J C Scott, Tacoma
§, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 625 KEABNT S.T. Established
Kin 188* for the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
& disease wearing on body and mind and
■ Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
■ others fall. Try him. • Charges low.
■ tare* cuarnn teed. Call or writ*.
KIBBOS. Box 1957. San FrancUoo!
l%m«— w««lnntril»irmmilMaiil«il>ilnriM'jiMr*iii«i'w ■«>. i ..---,-
13x 4
NEXT TAX LEVY
TO COME DOWN,
One Dollar Local Tax Will
Produce the Sum of
$3,200,000.
THE ASSESSMENT ROLL.
Apart From Direct Taxes $1,452,
--580 Will Go to the
Treasury.
THE ONE - TWELFTH ACT.
The Grand Jury Consults Judge Slack
Regarding a Violatoin of
the Law.
Tue Grand Jury resumed work yester
day on the estimates of money for con
ducting the municipal government. In
order to definitely ascertain the require
ments for the next fiscal year it was
resolved to ask the heads of the various
departments of the City government for
information in detail.
A resolution was accordingly adopted
requesting the respective committees of
the Grand Jury to obtain from the chiefs
of the various departments the names of
their employes, the duty performed by the
men employed and the salary paid to
each. The resolution also contemplates
that the heads of the various departments
shall state the cost of maintaining their
respective offices, presenting an exhibit of
the expenses this year as compared with
hist year's expenses, and if an increase is
desired, to slate what reasons exist for the
increase.
Under this resolution Frank V. McLen
nan is to obtain data from the School De- |
partment, as he is chairman of the School
Committee; John Landers will hear from
the Assessor, Auditor and Treasurer; Ed
ward Maliey from the Fire Department;
C. S. Laumeister from the County Clerk;
P. F. Butler from the Health Department; |
Alpheus Bull Jr. from the Public Library;
Louis Feldmann from the Police Depart
ment; T. F. Payne from the Sheriff: C. L.
Haskell from the Recorder; G. H. Umb
se 11 from the Street Department and I'arfc
Commission, and J. J. O'Farrell irom the
Stipervisors.
The Grand Jury has takea,notice of the
fact that the one-twelfth act has been vio
lated. Several funds are already ex
hausted, whereas if the law had been
obeyed not more than one-twelfih of the
appropriation could have been used dur
ing any month of the year.
The members of the jury wantea to be
sure that the law was still in effect, so they
requested Judge Slack to enlighten them.
The Judge advised them that the law was
sill in force and there should be no defi
ciency in any of the funds. One-twelfth
of the money allotted should be In the
fund for the twelfth month of the year, the
sarue as it was for the first month. The
Judge was not sure whether there was a
penalty for violation of the one-twelfth
law.
The iury discussed estimates for some
time. Expert reports from Cyril Williams
and Horace Dunn were reviewed, and par
ticular attention was paid to Street De
partment and Golden Gate Park requisi
tions and Police Court affairs. Next
Tuesday evening an extra session of the
jury will be held. At that time the Asses
sor may be able to give definite informa
tion as to the valuation of the assessment
roll.
From sources outside of the Grand Jury
the fact has been ascertained that the as
sessment roll will show a valuation ap
proximating $340,000,000. It may go
$5,000,000 above this fisiure. It is easy
enough for advocates of reasonable re
trenchment to fitrure that a tax of $1 on
the $100 will furnish all the money required
for local government. It is set forth
clearly that nearly $1.">00,000, independent
of the amount raised by direct local taxa
tion, comes to the treasury and is dis
bursed to defray municipal expenses.
Here is a statement of what the City
will receive from sources other thau the
local tax-levy :
ESTIMATED REVENUE EXCLUSIVE OF TAXES.
Fees cf City and County officers $230,000
Fines imposed in Police Courts 30,000
Fines imposed in Superior Court 1,000
Licenes, City and County 380,000
Licenses, municipal 80.00U
Incenses, stock certificate taxes 1.200
Quarantine fees 6,01)0
Subsistence United stat-s prisoners 1,500
Sundries, Assessor, rents, etc 9.8*0
Library l.OOii
State school apportionment 630.000
Park rents 2,0n0
School lots rent 45,000 '
Tno per cent tax on franchises 10,000 \
License on vehicles 26,000
Total $1,452,580
The State makes the levy for school
taxes and the amount of $630,000 appor
tioned ;o San Francisco does not come
from local taxes, yet it is expended for the
Bupport of local schools. As a matter of
fact San Francisco pays into the treasury
a much larger sum on the State school tax
account than is received in the apportion- !
ment to counties.
The inheritance tax collected by the
County Clerk and which now amounts to
$150,000, that sum having been collected
by County Clerk Curry, goes into the
State school fund. In the division of the
funds to the different counties San Fran
cisco will get her share of this $150,000.
The County Clerk's office, countting
the inheritance tax, is more than
a self-sustaining institution. It costs to
run the office $10,500 a month, or $126,000
a year. The ordinary fees collected
amount to $80u0 a month, or $96,000 per
annum. Adding this amount to the
inheritance tax at the approximate figure
of $100,000 a year, the County Cierk's of
fice shows a clear pain over and above
running expenses of $70,000. This is due
to an intelligent, economical and business
like Republican administration. Good
salaries are paid to capable men and the
fees due the public are collected and paid
into the treasury.
A careful study of estimates shows that
a local tax levy as low as $1 will provide
ample money for ordinary expenses and
leave a wide margin for public improve
ment and adornment.
Every cent on a valuation of three hun
hundred and forty millions will produce
$04,000. One hundred cents will therefore
yield $3,400,000. It might be fair to de
duct $200,000 for delinquency in collection
of taxes. With this deduction the amounts
would stand : '
from direct local tax levy of SI $3,200,000
From revenue exclusive of taxes 1.4.V2 hHO
Xouil $4,652,580
Every member of the Grand Jury and
every Supervisor will recognize that this
sum is money in abundance. Could or
dinary business methods be brought into
the conduct of municipal affairs the City
could be governed for $1,000,000 less than
the above amount, but the law prescribes
certain forms which cost a great deal to
carry out. hencp a public officer cannot
have public work performed in an econ
omical manner.
Fire Department Bills.
Ja Tuesday afternoon the Board of Fire
joinmissioncrs will meet and straighten up
their accounts for the current fiscal year. All
bills against the Fire Department must be pre
sented by Tttesday morning or, under the de
cision of the .Supreme Court, they will be for
feited, as the bills of one fiscal year cannot
run into the next. The present month's bills
for salaries and all will be about $50,000, but
for all that there will be a surplus of $13,000,
which of course will go back into tne general
fund.
IN THE DIVORCE COURTS.
Unhappy Mortals Who S««k Peace in
Eternal Separation.
A suit for divorce was yesterday filed by
Otto Crossfield, manager of the Thomp
son Bridge Company. He alleges that hia
wife, Adele M. Crossfield, deserted him
several years ago.
Elsie Ballard asks that she be divorced
from Alfred H. Ballard because of the
latter's cruelty. Ballard is an old news
paper man, but is now employed at the
Fulton Iron Works as a timekeeper.
Willful neglect and desertion are the
grounds on which Bessie Jenkins seeks a
separation from William Jensins.
Judge Troutt yesterday ordered J. W.
Little to pay $25 a month alimony to Ada
H. Little.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edwin and Fannie Goeller to George F. Neal, lot
on 8 line of Jackson street, 137:6 B Of Stelner. E
27:6 by 5.127:514;510.
Hannah K. Barr to T. C Wilson, lot on N line of
Sutter street, 244:5V3 \V of Scott, W 30:62/3 by N
164:1: $10.
A. W. Myer to Fannie Myer, lot on W line of
Baser street, 25 S of Fulton, 8 25 by W 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Pacific Im
provement Company, lot on NE corner of Valen
cia and Hermann streets, E "227:51%. N 54:1014,
N\V to point 153:51/8 — Hermann, thence S to be
ginning; also lot on SW corner of Valencia and
Fifteenth streets, S 90, W 111:6; S 10, W 26. S
53:1114, W 7 :6, 8 12:11,4, W 72:9%, S 3:11%, W
to X line of Albion avenue, 170 S of Fifteenth
street, thence N to Fifteenth street, E 295:6: $-.
John Coffee to same, lot on SW corner of Fif
teenth and Valencia streets, W 295:6, S 08, E
104 8 3-, E 53:4, N 50. E 137:6, X 90; $10.
Susan Lowe to same, same; $10.
Joseph H. Moore (trustee of Religions Society of
Mission Dolores) to Harry and Leopold Block, lot
on W line of Valencia street, 40 S of Fifteenth, S
50 by W 137:6; $5.
Pacific Improvement Company to same, same;
$10. '
William F. Swift to F. W. Buckman, lot on S
line of Ridley street, 25 VV of Belcher, W 25 by S
110: $10.
Charles and Rosa Williams by Charles E. Wil
liams guardian to Rosanna L. Williams, undivided
one-third of lot on SE corner Twenty-second and
Yorkstn.ets. S 100 by X 50; $750.
J. N. Williams, guardian, to C. I). Vincent, HA
block 191. bounded by Colllngwood. Diamonc,
Twentieth and Twenty- first streets, except sof
Twentieth. 100 W of Collingwood. W 75 by S
97:6, also property iv Alameda; $10.
Mary E. Daley to Johanna Howell. lot on SE
corner Pacific and Powell streets, E22 by 567:6;
$10..
Samuel B. Buckbee to Theresa Abell, lot on S
line of Sacramento street, 100 E of Larkin, E 37:6
by S 81:6; $10.
San Francisco Gas Light Company to John and
Peter Gallagher, lot on SW line of Beale street,
108:4 NW of Howard, NW 75 by SW 137:6: $10.
John Center to T. W. and Katuerlne A. Rivers,
lot on 8W corner of Vermont and Nineteenth
(Bu'.te) streets. S 200 by W 200: $10.
Rosetta A. Sedgley to same, same: $5.
Louis and Hose Lipmati and Lonuon and San
Francisco Bank (by G. Friederich, attorney) to
John H. and Mary A. Stoner, lot on E line of
i Tenth avevue, 150 N of I street, N 25 by E 120;
i $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Julanta M. Duncan,
lot on N line of TJ street, 82:6 E of Forty-fifth
avenue, E 25 by N 100: $10.
John and Fannie M. Butler to California Guar
antee Investment Company, lots 5,25 to 28 of sub
division A, lots 9, 16, 17. 18, 20. 21 to 32 in sub-
I division H, block 19, West End Map 2; also lot on
N W corner of Thirteenth avenue and Lake street,
N72by 40: $10.
Edward and Fanny R. Barnett to Caroline Cook,
lots 52 and 53. block P, and lot 2, block R, Park
Lane Tract, map 5 $10.
Amelia Hillard to John Coffee, all interest in lot
on E line of Old Mission road at a point in SE di
rection from Harmon House, thence N 2 deg., W
2 chains 32 links, N SO deg., E 4 chains 5h links,
N 25 (leg., El chain 76 links, N 47 de?., E 2 chains
81 links, N 76 deg., W 36 links, N4O deg., E 7
chains 95 links, N 20 deg. 30 mill., W 5 chains 44
links, N 14 deg., W 70 chains 15 links, W 30 deg.,
S to land formerly belonging to Guerrero,
S 14 deg., E 70 chains 45 links, S 11 rieg. 30 mm.,
E 14 chains. N 6-4 dog., E 6 chains 74 links. N76
dec. 18 mm., X 71 links, containing 160 acres,
refers to map recorded In A Miscellaneous 164; $10.
A LAMBDA COUNTY.
C. H. and Effie A. .Berlin to Elizabeth Rogers,
lot on S line of Third street, 50 W of Oak, \V 25
by s 100. Oakland: $10.
Charles E. Suook and E. B. Tooker to John Frey,
undivided half interest in lot on E line of Union
street, 206:11 N of Eighth, N 24:9\4 by E 133:3,
Oakland; $10.
William H. Knight (administrator of estate of
William P. Clark) to Oscar S. Meysel, lot on Sline
of Taylor avenue, 441 :6 W of Fifth street, W 50
by S 141. being lot 20 In E half of block B, Da
mon's West End Tract. Alameda; $893.
Theresa A. Goess to Minnie H. Keating, lot 1,
block H. amended map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
R. J. Harrison (by Tax Collector) to S. F. Sin
clair, lots 24 to 27. block 27, OaklaDd: $60.
Sophie E. Carl ton to Esielle A. and Eugenic H.
Carlton, lot on E line of Union street, 300 N of
Bancroft way, N 40 by E 110:3, portion of lot 3,
block Q, map of Villa lots, joining the university
site on the south, Berkeley: $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Rebecca H.
Waddell (wife of A.), all of blocks 2 and 3, Allen
dale Tract, Brooklyn Township, subject to a mort
gage for 82400 ; $10.
Grauvilie S. ami Susan H. Abbott to John M.
Carroll, lot on N line of Railroad avenue (or Sev
enth street), 212 E of Klrkham, N 147.66 by E
94, being a portion of blocks 533 and 534, Oak
land; $10.
Belle L. Gould to DeWltt C. Thompson, lot on
NW corner of Fairview avenue and Ellis street,
N 75:3 by \v 120. being lot 73, block 5, lands of
the Regent-street Homestead Association (subject
to a mortgage for $1500). Berkeley; $10.
James ana Sarah L. Co fin to Pacific Rolling
Mill, lots on NX line or Pleasant street, 123.71 SE
of Champion, SE 268, NE 115.20, NW 268. SW
116 10 beginning, being lots 7 to 13 and portion of
lot 14, block B. map of blocks B and C, Cham
pion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Philippe and Marie Krepper to Cyrile Ducheln,
trie s 81 feet of lot 28 in block 2025, Oakland: $10.
Ida and John Ackerman et al. to Catherine
Boogar, lot on SE corner of Franklin and Eighth
streets, X 70 by S 50, block 78, Oakland: $10.
D. D. Crowley to Alma A. Basil and boy baby
Crowley. lot on E line of Alice street, 150 N of
Thirteenth, N 50 by R 109, being lots 7 and 8 and
portion of lots 9 and 10. block 195, Oakland; .
Ferdinand and Mathilde Quevrel to Pierre and
Eugenic C. Jouglard, lot on W line of Ninth street,
84.87 8 from S line of avenue traversed by Berke
ley Railroad, S 100 by W 100, being lots 4 and 5,
block 29, Beandry and Peladeau property, oak
land Township: $10.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to M. Duren
berger, lot on SE corner of Parker street and Ben
venue avenue, S 40 by E 1.'9.44, being lot 16,
Hillegass property, Berkeley; $10.
A. R. and Ella M. Dow to Ward M. Beckwith.
lot on N line of East Fourteenth street. 529:9 W
of Adeline, W 25 by N 336, being portion of lot 8.
I block C, revised map of Oak Tree Farm Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Rev. Denis Nugent with Cameron <fc McDonald,
interior work on St. Rose Church on N line of
Brannan street, 185 W of Fourth; $6560; E. J.
Clinch architect.
Y. p. and Mary A. Phelps with Nell Molloy, to
erect a two-story frame building on W line of
Devisadero, 87:6 N of Page; $6500.
G. A. McCaw with Marcuse & Kemmel, to erect
a two-story frame building on N line of Jackson
street, 138 W of Leaven worth; $4400; Marcuse _
Remmel architects.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam..
MO Market street, open until 13 o'clock ever)
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery atlMt
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark In street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opa
sntil 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
IS--5' and A. M.— Officers and members _*%
are requested to attena the funeral of oiir^TSf
late brother, GEORGK D. HARMS, from f^y^
our hail. 121 Eddy at., on SUNDAY, June 28, at
1 :30 p. m. By oraer of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
Hr_3p DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND a
af-* 7 A. M., 121 Eddy st.— Called meeting JV
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING, at 7::«IK2f
o'clock. Third degree. Master Masons In ■ rs^ rv
good standing are invited. By order of the W. M.
ADOLPH IvRONBEKO, Secretary.
ICKS 3 FIFTH ANNUAL PICNIC AND EX-
H»-5^ cursion.— Club Acme and Club Village Belle
(comprising members of Court Acme No. 61 and
Village Belle Circle No 264) will bold its fifth an-
nual picnic and excursion to Sunset Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains. SUNDAY, June 28, 1896.
Tickets, round trip. $1: children. 50c. Boat leaves
narrow.-eauge depot, foot of Market su, 8 :45 a. m.
sharp. Many valuable gate and game prizes will
be given. Tickets for sale by any member or the
clubs, and on the morning of the picnic at the
terry, foot of Market su . - ■ . . ■ .■ .
special notices.
ks> aTl^pe^s^n^'h^avTnTTs^bved^^as
st— ? jurors In criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18, 230 Montgomery st.
J. P. DAMERON. ■ .
n_3S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
t--^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
|TKS= COFFj-Y 7 COLLECTION • CO.. 235
■Siß" Kearny st. . ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364. *"'v
Pt~S=* ABANDONED CHILDREN IN ST.
Ks>— '■' Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1, 1895: Robert Butler, age 5 years; Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years;
Mary Fagalda, age 3 years: James Fas;alda, age 1
year: Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 5 years; . Nathan Barloggi, age 3
years. '
«_ss= DRS. UOL-MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
m>* ? moved 10 1370 Market su ; poor treated free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
: j _: _ _ CHURCH NOTICES. •
h_^"lfirst^~presb ytlJrianTchurc
I——' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H. -
Jenks. co-pastor. Rev. Mr. Jenks will preach at
11 a. _. and 7:45 1". m. Sunday-school at 12:45
p. m. Young People's society of Christian En-
deavor at 6:15 p.m. Wednesday evening prayer-
meeting at 8 o'clock. All are welcome to these
services. ■ ; • •
SjtpS 3 SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
•^-" Episcopal church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haigbt street. Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. ; the pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. ■ Subject at 11 a. m. : "The Two Minds."
At 7:45 p. m.. '-Christ's Conception of Human
Greatness." Sunday - school at • 12:80 p. m.,
C. B. Perkins superintendent: . Epworth League
service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially invited
to all the services of this church, Seats free.
Ushers in attendance. u?rayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45 o'clock.
rg=- GRACE METHODIST ' EPISCOPAL
I»— s* Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Rev. M. F. Colburn, pastor. Services at 11 a. m.
Subject, "Liberty." At 10 a. 11., Boys' Brigade
Bible class, led by W. D. Kingsbury: at 2:30
p. m., Sunday-school; class-meeting at 6:30 p.m.,
led by Rev. James Renwick. Everybody invited.
Praise service at 7:30 p. m., led by Brother Robert
Husband. At 7:45 P. M. preaching by the pastor:
subject, "The Coming Million Five Hundred Thou-
sand"; also theinstn.Ua lon of the Epworth League.
Special music; everybody invited; seats free.
IKY HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH, Bi--
m**? tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case. D.D-,
pastor; Martin Scbultz, musical director; W. F.
Gibson, Sunday - school superintendent. The
special music to-morrow will consist of a solo by
Mrs. Martin Schultz In mornlnr,aervice. Hours of
public services 11a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
ing. Epworth League 6:45 Sunday evening.
Morning subject: "Command Great and
Small." Evening subject' "A Lone Woman in
Africa— a Romance of History." Telephone black
961. . . . . . .■■■
jjjF-p CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
—^^ Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth— Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D, pastor, will preach
morning and evening Morning subject: "The
Efficacy of Prayer. " Evening: "National Dangers
and Safeguards," a prelude on "Foreign Flags and
the Fourth of July." Sunday-school at 1 p. m.
Young People's meeting at 6:30 p.m. Midweek
prayer-meeting Wednesday evening. All welcome.
fijtss= THE NOTED EVANGELIST, RliV.
18--S' Melvin Putnam, will begin a protracted
meeting at the West Side Christian Church, on
Bush street, near Devisadero, a', 11 a. m., to con-
tinue indefinitely. Praise service will begin each
evening promptly at 8 o'clock.' sermon at 8:15.
There will be excellent singing by a large choir of
voices.
Iffi^S^ FRENCH REFORMED CHURCH, 1110
W&> Powell st.— Morning service 10:45. Me-
morial sermon, "Fallen on the Field" (at the occa-
slon of the death of Rev. H. VtnaD. All invited.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
■tSsp^-TVIDEND 'NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
fib— Loan Society, 101 Montgomery St., corner
Sutter. For the hall-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-two one hundredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July •1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
St~p DIVIDEND NOTICE.— GERMAN
—^^ Savings and Loan society, 526 California
st.— the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 56-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GKO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
|T^g= DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAY-
*— »' ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post sU — For
the half year ending June 30, 1896. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.33^) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
GKB> HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
—^»^ Society, 18 Geary St.— The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.82 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
ijPg*- DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
Cr— ? Savings Union, 632 California St., corner
Webb. For the- half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one huu-
dredths (4 32-lOi)) per cent on term deposits and
three and slxfy one-hnndreatbs (3 60-100) ler
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVELL WHITE, cashier. '
K____s=» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
-^ THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
postage free. i
SITUATIONS iVANTED-FEMALE.
OMAN W^ITH"cHiLDWANTd"siTUATION
to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna st.
\'OUNO WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION AS
X housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. Call or
address Housekeeper, room 35,. third floor, 1148
Sutter st.
oi".\(i LADY wants position AS
X housekeeper or to take charge of lodging-house.
Call or address 203 Powell st. •
PKLIABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN. FIRST
XV class cook, wishes situation in private family.
Call or address 138V2 Castro St.
WOMAN WITH CHILD DESIRES POSITION
11 to Keep house for elderly couple or widower
with children: no objection to country if near
school. Address 4272 Twenty-fifth at.
OLLAND I. ADY WISHES SITUATION AS
infant's nurse, or care of invalid; speaks Ger-
man and English; no objection to traveling. Ad-
dress 520 Third st.
Y\r OMAN WANTS CH AMBE '. WORK OR j
tt as nurse girl: room home. Call for 3 days
249 Fifth St.. flat 2.
SINGLE WOMAN WANTS MORNING PLACE
O to cook and do housework. 128V_i Ninth st.
"XT' (JUNG .SWEDISH WOMAN DESIRES A
X place in family to do general housework. 206
Steuart st.
PANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
ment. Apply 105 Larktn at., room 3.
T ADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
Xj keeper or will do plain sewing, etc' Apply 821
Mission st.. room 3. •
-y OUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE POSI-
X tlon to assist with light housework; no postals.
1623 Powell su, top floor.' .
pELIABLK WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
-It as cook in hotel, restaurant or private family;
city or country ; or as lunch cook. Call or address
523 Stevenson st. .
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
position as cook-housekeeper on a ranch. Ad-
dress MRS. L. REEB, P. O. box 37, Eimhurst.
pRADUATE NURSE WOOU. LIKK A PER-
VJT manent position In caring for an aged invalid.
Address Nurse, Call Branch ' ffice, 713 Larkin st.
SCANDINAVIAN GIKL WISHES A PLACE
O to do general housework. . 427 Seventeenth st.
pOMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewine; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St., room 19.
REFINED YOUNG~La"DY, COMPETENT TO
XV teach English branches and music to young
children, would like to accompany family going
away for summer. Call or address 516 Stockto.i st.
PROTESTANT GIRL WISHES .SITUATION
JT in Alameda or citr to do general housework
and cooking; wages $15. Call or address 18 Latona
St., South San Francisco (take Third-st. cars).
\/[ IDDLK-AGED AMERICAN WOMAN, GOOD
itX cook, wishes a situation in small family; no
children. Call or address 10 Zoe-st., for 3 (lavs.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION, SEC-
\X ond work and sewing, or housework in small
family: references. Call or address Dressmaker,
950 Kirkham St., Oakland.
VfEAT GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN GOOD
J-i family for upstairs work, sewing, taking care
of children. Please address J. C. K_ 123 Clay st.
OUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO
J- do general housework: 6 years last place;
wages .$25. Inquire 439 Jessie st.
yOU.NO GIRL RECENTLY FROM IRELAND,
X of two years' experience In dressmaking.wishes
work as improver. Call or address 731 Folsom st.
VODNii GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
1 position for light housework. Please call at
2617V2 Octavia su '
T>ELIABLE EXPERIENCED YOUNG svved-
XV Isli girl wishes to do upstairs work and sewing.
Call or address 1722 Stockton st.
Experienced; dressmaker will go
out by day or take work* home. 632 Edd*r s .
p ENTLKMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE.
VJ 29 Eddy st. ; ■
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
OT chambermaid in a first-class hotel; no objec-
tion to country; good references. Call 1139 Flor-
ida si. .',
L 1 X P ERIENCED LADY WISHES A, PLACE
J- to take care of infant: competent to raise it
by the bottle. Call or address 904 Minna, off 10th.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG STRONG SWISS
Xt girl, good cook, wishes a position to do second
work or cooking in a private family; good refer-
ences. Call or address P. D., 4134 Nineteenth st.,
near Castro. ' :
V\f ANTED— BY RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN,
'» situation in small American family to do
general housework; wages $20 to $25. Address
J. P.. box 139, Call Office. .
COMPETENT DRESSMAKER DESIRES EN-
\J gagements , In families; reference; Jcity or
country. E. E. V., 831 Myrtle St., Oakland.
p OVERS ESS- YOUNG LADY WISHES SIT-
VJ uittion: city or country: English, German,
French, drawing, music; willing to travel. . Aa-
dress J-:. S.,Po3tofflce, San Mateo. :.
U/' INCHES . ER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
''Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
lieo bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
H'^UNT'tf^irCoTrcirmES^TNrTxAPA^JESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
SITUATIONS WAN TED— Continued.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V-'help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
P C. «... COOK'S fc.(JU. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .branches :short notice. 3 4 Gearr. tel. Grant 48.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help.' 2141! Sutter: lei ran-, 30.
(CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\-' office: I best, help. ' 41 4V 2 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
rpO RANCH-OWNERS. ~~ .' ■■ •'". ~~
I X A thoroughly competent, reliable and temper-
ate man wishes to engage as superintendent or
foreman on a ranch; understands all kinds of fruit,
stock, grain and general California farming; mar- I
ried; no children; several years in present place,
but wishes to make a change; first-cla-is references
or bonds tor any reasonable' amount; correspond-
ence solicited from reliable parties. Address A.
Rancher, box 151, Call Office, San Francisco.
V()r.\G MAN, AGED 20, PRACTICAL STA-
X tionary engineer, with some experience with
Indicator cards, wishes steady posi ion as assistant
In a big steam pi ant : wages no object; good refer-,
euces. Address IGNACIO ALLEGBETTI, 6%
Salmon St., city.  -w";', .
VOI'SG ""SCAN DIN AVI WISHES SITU A-
X tion; city or country; first-class driver: under-
stands care of horses and garden, also eood milker;
best references. Please address A. 8., box 149,
Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER O& SECRETARY, EXPERI-
—> enced, neat and accurate, for a few hours
weekly or daily; undoubted recommend 11 tlons and
security. Address room 35, 303 California st.
OOD MEAT AND PASTRY LOOK WISHES
a situation; strictly temperate; city or coun-
try. W. A. J0NE3, 121 Sixth St.. room 3.
]>ARTKNDEB WISHES STEADY EMPLOY-
X) ment: Eastern references. Address T. MOORE,
416 O'Farrell st. . ■■• -■ ■
ffl»r TO ANY ONE THAT GETS ME WORK
rlptJ in wholesale or packing house; is used to
hard work has Al city references. Address T. G.,
box 64, Call Office. -.- . ■ .
\\r ANTED— BY A STRONG, STEADY,
"I studious young man from a farm, an honest
position of any kind In the city. Address Honest,
box 162. Call Office.
BUTLER, GEHMAN, WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. L., box 138, t
Call. • ■ ___•
p ERMAN OF _0 WOULD LIKE TO LEARN
VJ the butcher's trade; has had some experience.
Address G. 8., box 101. Call Office.
YOUNG GEOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X to take care of horses, cows or garden. A. V.,
box 101, Call Office. ■ |
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN (21 YEARS) j
Xt wishes a situation to drive a delivery wagon
or any outside work. Aildress 1 ________
QOBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN DE-
O sires position In store or office: thorough book-
keeper; small wages to begin with; s.ood refer-
ences. Address J. l:.. box U. Call Office. __ j
VOUNi. MAN WISHES POSITION AS VALET
X or butler: no objection to travel; good refer-
ence. Address Valet, box 32, Call.
"PACKER— FIRST-CLASS WITH 10 YEARS'
X reference, wishes posh ion in wholesale house.
Address Packer, box 67, this office.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
O wife, without children, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work: wife good cook:
both first-class references. Address J. L. RAT H-
GKBKR, Napa, Cul.
\\T ANTED— BY GOOD RESPONSIBLE
»t young man position to collect and deliver; se-
curity and good references. Address s. A., box 6,
this office.
"PROFESSION AD ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services . in the exerting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
Vl' INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and bair«n«r» to and from the ferry.
t ......WAN WISHES SITUATION IN A PRI- I
vJ vate family: good gardener, coachman; under- I
stands handling s ock; goo.l milker: references. j
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
WINCHKSTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR |
tf Market— Electric light* in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaeeioand from the ferry.
I I- M M.I. HELP WANTED.
T\f ANTED— 'a^PROTESTaVt girl for
1 1 housework in family of 2 person? and child 5
years old at P. lo Alto: wages $20: see lady here
this morning. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Suiter st.
ANTED- A COOK AND GENERAL lI OUSE-
work girl: also a nurse for same house, In |
country, $25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st.
\l" ANTED— GENTEEL GIRL TO CARE FOR
■ tt children in the country; $15. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sinter St.
WANTED — SEAMSTRESS AND SECOND
" girl; $25; references; see lady here at 10 this
morning. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter. |
WASTED-MAID AND SEAMSTRESS FOR
tt private family; $25; references and experi-
ence necessary. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st. . .
\\J ANTED — SKCOND GIRL, MUST SEW
1 1 and speak German, $20: also a nurse for San
Mateo. $20; cook for schools, $25. Apply MISS
PLUNK r.TT, 424 sotter st.
OOK, COUNTRY. $30: HOUSEWORK GIRL,
\J country. $30; 15 housework girls, city and
country, $-0 and $25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
OTHER AND DAUGHTER: COUNTRY:
$40. MISS CULLK-v. 323 Sntter st.
IV OH KING HOUSEKEEPER; $15. MISS
tt CULLEN, 323 -utter st.
PEST Al ' i: A T COOK: $8 PER WEEK. MISS
XV CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
\\T ANTED— GIRL Ft'R COOKING AND
tt housework. 3 in family, a short distance, j
$20, see lady here at ll:b0 to-day ; shirt polisher,
$45; laundress, private lamily, $25: German
chambermaid. $20; 2 ranch cooks, $20: 2 wait-
resses and chambermaids. $20 and $25, and ;
this for cooking and housework In city and
country. .1. F. CROSKTT & CO., 312 Sutter st.
\\7AITBESS HOTEL, SOUTH, FARE PAID,
'» $20; 2 waitresses, same hotel, south, fare ad-
vanced, $20; waitress good on salads, country
hotel, steady place, $i.O; Ironers, fine work, !
country ho el, j:-.0; Scandinavian laundress !
mountain hotel, $30; girls for housework, city and I
country, $20 and $16. C. R. H ANSEN _ CO., |
110 Geary st. I
VVOWAN~WITH A CHILD, NICE COUNTRY I
" olace. $15; cook, small country restaurant,
$30 and room: waitress, $15, and other places.
MURRAY" & READY, 634 Clay St.
WAITRESSES FOR SPRINGS; $20. HOTEL
t T GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WA TED— A GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work; small family; wages $16. Apply be-
tween 9 and 12 at 1312 Fulton st.
lir ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work who understands German cooking thor-
I oughly; reference required. Call 2311 Broadway.
I OARD AND ROOM GIVEN To KESPKCT-
' able female in exchange for assistance with
chamberwork. 5 Market st.
RIGHT GIRLS TO LEARN G LOVE-MA
1' ing. Call alter 9:30 a. m., Carson Glove Co.,
318 Market St.
ERM AN GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING.
VJ 462 Natoma st., NE. corner.
ADY MUSICIANS TO ORGANIZE LADY I
orchestra for an extended tour. E., box 6, Call.
VOUN'fi GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X $8. Call Sunday, 123y 3 Noe at.
"V^OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X worn. 6 Howard court, nr. 4th, off Howard.
WANTED-FIRST-CLASS TAILORESS ON
I 1 fine coats. 9 Post at., upstairs.
V < ' V >< ; GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK;
X $6 to $7. 1319 Ellis st. - ■-
p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK: APPLY BET. 9
VJ and 12. 1006 Geary st.
r'IRsT-CLA.-S SHIRTPOLISHKRS AT ST.
J Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom.
TT'~A NTED — RELIABLE GIRL, HOUSE-
" work and cooking; references. 405 Powell.
IRL 14 TO TAKE CARE OF BABY. 632
Puciflc st.
]>KRFKCT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, 85 per month; pupils can work
for I themselves, friends or customers: waist, Jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
DOWELL Academy,636 Market,opp. Palace Hotel.
■TiRESSCUTTLNG : AND fitting TAUGHT
XJ thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JONES' dressmaking school, 605 Fell st.
TTAIRDHESSINO, MANICURING, BEAUTY
XX culture lessons; agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER, ;
131 Post st. , '
T A DIES— FREK! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscuttlng. 14 Me Hater, r. 67.
HAIR-DHESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 1 19a Powell St. and 105 Ninth.
AIR DRESSING. 250 AND 85c. MORNING
and eve classes; 101easons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
CI OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
) street.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
:J_ Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELi* W ANTED.
\\J AIT ER, COUNTRY HOTKL, »35} WOOD-
** worker, country, $30 and found and increase:
dairyman for Nevada, $35 and fare; 3 farmhands,
near city. $20: 2 miners, machine drill, $3 a day:
6 woodsmen, $26 and $30: 10 bark-peelers, $1 26
a day. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
PASTRY COOK AND BAKER, WHO CAN
A bake In the range, for summer resort, $65; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $45; short-order cook,
country restaurant, : $9 > a week: , vegetableman,
hotel, $22 50 aud room; 3 dishwashers for coun-
try hotel and spring-, $15 to $20. C. B. HAN'SKN
<fe CO.. 110 Geary st
LACK-MITH HELPER, COUNTRY SHOP.
$2t> and board; 2 milkers, country, $30 and
found; 6 farmers near cftv, $20 and $25. -C. R.
HANsEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
SHIRT-POLISHER, HOTEL LAUNDRY, $45;
3 ironers, country . laundries, $30 and $35;
man 10 run Sinclair bosom-ironer, $50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st. ~
"WAITER; COUNTRY HOTEL. HOT _
>} * GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st. ■ • •
' HELP WANTED— Continued. -
Of) FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
— 'V/ hands, $20, $25 and $23; 3 men- to drive
header- wagons. $30: 3 choremen for ranches, $15, i
$17 50 and $20: milker, $18: man to -.rather sacks 1
behind harvester, $35 and found. MURRAY & I
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and |
636 Clay su f ..- -
0 A LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, AND j
— 'V/ country. $1 60 day and $26 per month and \
board; 5 scraper teamsters, $1 50. MURRAY &\
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and j
636 Clay at. ;
1 A WOODCHOPPERS FOR A MINE. $1 CORD: I
-IV 20 tiemakers. 8c and 10c each. MURRAY
& KKADVj Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay su . .
o laborers FOR A mine, $20 AND found,
"fare paid; stableman; choreman for a private ;
family, $20 and found. MURRAY <fe READY, :
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay. !
. LACK&MITH, $40 AND FOUND- WHEEL- I
' wright; see boss here. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 631 and 636 Clay.
5 COOKS,- $25 TO $60; 6 -.WAITERS. SSS~TO !
$30; -l dishwashers, $15 to $20. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
90 FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
— \f hands, $20, $26: 2 choremen, $15. $17 50: 3 j
rar.ch teamsters, $20;' man to gather sacks behind i
harvester, $35 and found: 3 men to drive header- :
wagons, $30. MURRAY & READY, Leading I
Employment Agents. 634 And 036 Clay st. .
anted— baker fOR country hotel, |
»" $30: 2 miners, $52 per, month; coachman
and stableman for a gentleman's ranch, near city, j
$25 and found; 6 farmhands for nice ranch in San
Mateo County. $20: blacksmtih, country shop, $2
per day and board; Scandinavian porter for sa-
loon, $30 and board; man to take care of 2 horses
and do chorea about coun:ry hotel, $16 and found;
2 men or boys for light farm work, hoe beans, etc,
$16 and board; man to milk 6 cows and dochorea,
$15; and others. W. D. EWER _ CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED— IRONER AND POLISHER FOR
" city, $45: 2 ironers, country, $35 and found;
milker and wife. $45; wagon-maker for country,
$2 50: stenographer and typewriter for country,
$40 and increase: teamsters, farmers, milkers, la-
borers. $1 75 day; and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANTED — COACHMAN, MUST MILK,
»» country, $30: German hotel waiter. $25:
cboreman, elderly man, country, $12; dishwasher,
lunchhouse, $12, and others. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st.
ANTED— A YOUNG GERMAN AS POR-
ter, etc.. in a first-class summer resort; call
early. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
HO NER FOR FRENCH LAUNDRY, COUN-
X try; 20 boys to sell flags. Employment Office,
128 Fourth st.
pAPPERS FOR LOS GATOS CANNERY;
v^ must be thoroughly experienced; wages 25
cents per hour; also need «!o ters; wages 20
cents per hour. Apply Monday between 12 and 1
at office FIELD & bTONE, 126 California sU
«T ANTED - INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN
"' for office work. Address in own handwriting.
stating age and wages expected, X. Y. Z., box 154,
Call Office.
TEADSf MIDDLE-AGED MAN TO TAKE
half Interest in a chicken ranch. Apply 214
Langton st. .
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS BARBERS, MALE
and female, 60c and $1; steady work. 207
Fourth st.
I/ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
X> retary Barbers' Aaso.. 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
AItBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC. j
X) P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye. |
"DARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY- i
X) ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
IiAKBEKS' ASSOCIATION OF < Al, EMPLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2!>9 Vis O'Farrell.
ARBER. WANTED FOR Saturday
afternoon. - 872% Howard st. ■
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY EVEN-
X> ingand Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
BA HBER WANTED FOX SATURDAY. 623
Clay St., Bakers' Home.
ARBER WANTED SATURDAY. 107
Third st.
I J ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
X) Sunday. 1226 Dupont at.
ARBKR WANTED SATURDAY AFTER-
noon and evening: $2. 304 Folsom st.
BARBER WANTED SATURDAY AND SUN-
day. 709 Davis st.
T> ARBER WANTED SATURDAY AND BUN-
X> day. 707 Brannan st.
G~ OOD BARBER WANTED SATURDAY
and Sunday. 25i/ 2 Sixth st.
p OOD BUSH KLMAN WANTED AT RAPHA-
VJT EL'S, 9 Kearny st.
TRONG. SMART BOY TO LEARN TRADE.
Address 8., box 84. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN TO TRAVEL; MUST HAVE
1 $200 cash. Address Y. V., box 11, (all.
T\7 ANTED-GOOD WAITER AT 43 SECOND
tt street.
TIT ANTED— BAKER FOR INSTITUTION;
It wages $25 and found. 316 Sutter st.
WA Pa"r~TNER~WTFh $50 IN WELL- !
tt paying business; cheap rent. 130 Fourth st.
BARBERS WANTED TO ATTEND THE AN-
X) nual picnic ami shaving contest of the Barbers'
Association of California, Germania Garden, Har-
bor View,' next Sunday. ■
«J»O^ A WANTED— MAN AS PART-
tJT>«i«JU. ner In legitimate cash business: old
established; will clear to each partner from $75 to
$100 per month and with help of good man it can
be doubled ; business easily learned and suitable for
any one wishing 10 make himself useful; no night
or Sunday work: cheap at $500; see to-day.
STRAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
4 CHAIR BARBER -SHOP AT. $250. IN-
. quire at 13 Taylor st.
\\r E RAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
tt selling at less than 14 their value; cast-off
shoes bought or exchanged. 66:4 Mission st.
Hv ED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
*' Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height;, of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; o;ily citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
Vir ANTED- 100 MEN EVERY DAY TO EAT
tt our home-cooked hot lunch, free with drinks.
Yosemite Saloon, 200 Fourth su
TTONEST PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISHED
XX paying liquor-store: part cash; balance out
of profits; cause, sickness. 206 Third st.
CACHAIR RESTAURANT ON SIXTH ST.
O\J for $100: sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
EW WALDU HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
JL\ 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c ; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room: strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
LL MEAT ORDERS 5c., WITH COFFEE,
tea or milk. 635 Clay. ■.":■'.
Tlf AN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
ItX Apply 519 Filbert st. _-■
ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
T ODO INGS. 5c TO 16c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacifi , below Kearny.
* STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-'V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and Leidesdorfl sts.
pOOMS 15c TO 750 PER NIGHT; 60c TO *1 50
X V per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st. . .
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN/
WEDDKRBURN <fc <X>., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES. 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 .Market, opp.Will & Finck's, S.F.
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
/ I soloing 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
EN TO FEED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it.
\\r X ARK SHOIS DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" iourold shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\\r ANTED - MEN TO . Ll-.ARN BARBER
1 1 . trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND^
band shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ' , ■
Echo . house, 863V5l MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $?. week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best In the city sing; 6 rooma
SO and 25c a night, la week: meals 10c. ' '
WINCHESTER HOUSK. 44THIRD ST., NEAR
tt Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
VAT ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
; »» era_clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I IN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
J > sts. ; single iornisbed rms 75c week, 16c night.
1 I » A. MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X . >\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
€24 Washington st., near Kearny. ' ■ -
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
ipRKK «KKR— TWO SCHOONERS FOii 6cT
1 also a hut" rot 'b^«t. Sr. at «j:t7 < lav —.
ROOMS WANTED.
UrANTKI)- aMAIiCFLArToBT^U^FuS
"' uished rooms In private family. Address Flat,
box 64 Call. ■ •: ..-,•■.- v -•■■ -? ■ :. •■----. --.
WANTEO-MISCELLANEODS. ',
fclX^Yo^nK^o^i^.^cTCo^rHJifo^AirrrjKw"
elrr to A. KLEIN . 109 Sixth st. ; send postaL
BUSINESS _CHANCE 3. --^
"<I_"OAn MARKKT-ST. CI GAB-STAND AND
(ip_.UU.'clr.brooms; must be sold: low rent.
BARRETT, 1126 Market St. '
(U»QA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 L'VING-
tIPOI/. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
ffljQA CHOPHOCJSE AND SHORT ORDEPS; I
ijpOu. receipts $7 day; low rent: great bargain. I
BARRETT, i 125 Market St.
£.QAA PARTNER RESTAURANT; OWNKR
«3T_-jUU. lady. STENBERG COMPANY, 632
Market at. '" ' .
©1 fl ( inn road HOUSE, ACROSS the
*•> 'l/U. bay, near : railroad depot:, hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlora
and promenade 'grounds; • finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable j
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round; ;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune In a few
years: owner owns the prope ty; satisfy yourself. ;
BTENBKRQ & CO., 632 Market j
(Jj-J Ct\f\ RES 1 AUK ANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE, |
«JP-LU"U handsome private rooms: three en- 1
trances; old-established trade; chance rarely of- ,
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large 1
Income certain. STE.NBKRG _ CO.. 632 Market. |
<2»On BUTTER, MILK AD DELICACY
:)\J. store: , thriving location; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO., ,
632 Market st. I
\Ai\(\ AN elegant butcher-shop \
<P I _UV/. across the bay, with two horses and
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, cash res ster;: working ,
3 men and doing tine business; object of selling
Bickiiessjinvestlgete T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
BUY OR »ELL A BUSINESS WITH DIS-
X patch see DEMING <fe CO., 737 Market at.
PESTAURANTON MARKET ST $200
XV Saloon, north Market at 2,500
Lodging-house, 60 rooms •••■• 2,000
Hotel, three-story 12.500
♦ DEMING _ CO.. 737 Market st.
HOTEL, NEAR FACTORIES; 14 FURNISH-
ed rooms: 20 steady boarders: selling 7 to 8
barrels of beer weekly; large grounds; 6 to 6
dozen chickens; owner retiring: will sacrifice.
DEMING <fe CO., 737 Market at.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. ALY _ CO., 23 Kearay si.
$jQ£\fV BESTAUBANT AND coffee-sa-
<]pOUU. loon, Polk st., clearing »75 per month;
owner in other business. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
QALUON. ,- : • ■ .1 - :
O owner compelled to go to Europe; offer
wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market st. j
ffl; ICO COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; |
OU. worth $750. DECKER, 1020 Market.
(Bj/'n A PARTNER IN ELEGANT FINE-
tIDUV/l/. paying established business; a rare
chance for the right man: the fullest investiga-
tion; no experience necessary: object for taking
partner to enlarge the business: this Is a rare
chance to get into one of the best paying businesses
of the kind; will give trial of the business; investi-
gate this. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
ffijQKA BRANCH BAKERY AND DELI-
-tjpOtJV/. cacy store: well worth $500: daily re-
ceipts $8; 3 fine living-rooms;- rent $15; great
bargain. SKIFF <fe CO., 921 Market st.
Ot 1 f\Ci BARGAIN; OLD-ESTABLISHED Cl-
tlPlvU. gar, candy and notion store; large gar-
dens; cottage and summer-house: opposite uni-
versity gate, Berkeley; Telegraph-aye. railroad-
cars stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
T ARGE NICELY FURNISHED DINING-
J-> room and kitchen, Sutter at., near Taylor, in
exchange, for board: none but reliable persona
need apply good business opportunity. Address
C, box 12, Call Office. . . - - ' . ■
IfINE CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS:
adjacent to 1 his city; capital ssooo; satisfactory
reasons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner, box 21,
Call Office.
OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER SALOON IN
the best part of the city ; good reasons given.
Address A. B , box 52, this offlca.
9AA FOR ALE FOR GOOD REASONS; A
tg)_iv'l/. good paying commission and fish stand
business. Address B. F. A., Heaidsburg, Cal.
djj] EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
wX— on account of sickness: good stand;
clearing $80 month. Apply 205 Lurkln st. ■■ ■'--■
BARGAIN IF SOLD BEFORE THE IST—
Cozy home; 6 well-furnished rooms. 620
Larkin st.
OLACKSMITH SHOP, TOOLS, BUILDING
• > and large stock; fine established trade. Ad-
dress B. S., Windsor Hotel.
pHEAP FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE
\J In San Rafael. B St., bet. Second and Third. ■
LD ESTABLISHED LOAN OFFICE FOR
sale; $4000 required. Add. Loan, box 153. Call.
ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER;
■i $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st. .
j ©QA A BARGAIN: WORTH $150; CIGAR
<jPOv. and candy store. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
p OOD CHANCE FOR 2 PARTNERS; MEAT
VJ market; good location. Apply Call Office.
ffl_ G(\f\(\ buys A BUSINESS PAYING over
i]J) \J\J\J\J 100 per cent profit. B. C, box 9, Call. j
i ffi» 1 QA A FINEST FITTED MEaT-MARKET I
I tip IOUU, In the city: large weekly and monthly I
I trade: daily cash trade $50 to $100 guaranteed; |
' owner going In whoiesa butcher business; rent )
j $ ; 0; horses, wagons, tools, invoice $3000; trial !
■ given. Real Estate, 765 Market st.
ANTED— CUGAR-STAND NORTH OF MAR-
ketst.; -must be well | located; stale locality
I and selling price. Address J. M. C. box 67, Call. ;
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TKP.MOF YEARS: I
XX. new 6-story and basement brick buiidl ng con- !
j taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well- j
I lighted basement: centrally located, y a block N of !
1 Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and ;
j Emporium building: newly furnished throughout: I
I furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
I particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320 San-
; some st. room 39.
PARE CHANCE— FOR SALE.A ROADHOUSE
XV near Hay wards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of -land.
For particulars address PROWSE & O'NEILL,
Hay wards, Cal.
<&OKA RESTAURANT; ESTABLISHED 15
] i©O«JU. years: run by present owner three and
, a half years: receipts $20 per day; rent $22 50; 6 j
I rooms connected if desired: selling on account of I
sickness. Address s., box 89, Call Office. I
WANTED— INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS PART- !
1 '» ncr to take charge and look after chophouße i
and restaurant; owner Is cook; $225 required: $60
and board guaranteed. Apply J. MEYER, 40 Clay. |
i piG AR-STOREr~BEST ~PART OF MTRKET j
\J St.; will sell at invoice, $275; good trade; a I
bargain. Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
ROCERY. DELICACY, CIGAR AND CON- '
[ VT faction cry store combine!; doing a nice little 1
j business, with cheap rent and living-rooms, fur-
nished, for $400. Call at store, 415 V 2 Powell at., i
; bet. Post and Sutter.
I fflji AAA A FINE PAYING SALOON HAND- i
i %)-»-<-■"'■"• somely fitted up; good trade: excel- :
1 lent location; reasonab c rent and small expense; '•
I satisfactory reasons for selling. Address V. 11., I
box 82, Call Office.
p ROCERY STORE, WITHOUT BAR: FINE !
i VJ fixtures; splendid outside trade; 3 living i
; rooms; rent $26; just the thing for man and wife; '
j price $400. Inquire of A. ASBECK, 1140 Market.
G" ROCERY AND BAR; 2 FURNISHED LlV-
ing-rooms;| just the place lor man and wife;
i no reasonable offer refused. Apply Call Office.
<E» I7C BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY- ;
(JpUi). store; cheap; account of death. Apply ;
this office.
____________________________
1?OR SALE— WOOD AND COAL YARD;
* horse and 2 wagons; central location. Address
Call Office. . - .
IRS I -CLASS BRANCH BAKERY; FIX- j
tures for sale; cheap. 165 Grove st.
WANT CORNER GROCERY OR SUITABLE
store, with living-rooms. C. H., 1818 Polk st. !
1 "TT"ERY REASONABLE; ONE OF THE BEST 1
j V dye works iv the city; perfectly equipped: long j
j lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca- i
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
AVING 2 KKSTAURANTS— ONE CHEAP;
trial given. Apply 1241 Market.
<Jt 1 AA/A HA LF INTEREST in OLD KSTAB-
! (JpIVUU. lished, well stocked, good paving
j general store out of town; double value in sight;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
ESKROOM- FOR RENT. ROOM 305!
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. |
I (2«_AA. A BARGAIN FOR YOUNG MAN;
I tJP _v/V/. fine route, including horses and wagon;
average sales $50 per day; will stand fullest Inves-
tigation. Apply 1402 Church st. -
ijjoToE MAN OR WOMAN TO JOIN IN PUR-
tjpXiit/. chase of paying business; fixtures
worth $500, M., box 60, Call Office.
ESIRABLE CIGAR-STAND IN HEART OF
city; reasons for disnosing, ill health. Address
F. D. 8.. box 81. Call Office.
VV ANTED— TO BUY A SMALL COFFEE-SA-
" 'oon in good location. Address, stating price
etc., C. .->, box 43, Call Office.
RANCH BAKERY, CANDIES, CIGARS AND
tobacco, laundry office. 317 O'Farrell s:.|
51* SALE— INSIDE EVENING PAPER
X I route; price moderate. Apply 426 Eddy, fore-
noon. .
'K.IfMT-*^ THIS BARGAIN; RESTAUR-
«©_vv. aunt well worth $1500; 959 Market
st. Apply H. McKKNYO, 838 Mission.
PURCHASER DUCK AND POULTRY
X ranch: $750. T. F. CONKLIN, office Red Flag
opposite Six-mile House, San Rrnno road. .
THIRST-CLASS ■ GOOD-PAYING - BAKERY'
X' cheap, on account of death. Call Office.
WILL TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
1 1 outfit, horse and buggy, electric fan, bicycle,
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. . M., box 2. Call.
G~ OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER
VJ. Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market- room 2.
fIOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Office.
$2500 FI^ 8T * C ? ASS SALOON; LEASE;
... ,' good trade; owner retiring; chance
of a lifetime. Address C. H., box 139, Call Office!
A wlekly c5 w t s , FOR 5 CENTS - TK»
--»- vv ___l.y CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
' ". , AGENTS WANTED.
; T GENTS "FOR" FINE LDING LOT S T IN
Los Angeles. M.SALOMON AC. .. 821 Market.
SEWING MACHINES.
X T ' ■■ BOLJVBXCHAKOKIX": 1
-_ xeated, repaired ; lowest mea. 205 Fourth at. ' 1
:, LODGING-HOUSES *'OK SALE,^
TV^^EIIT^FURNI-HED ROOMS: FULL;
___O low rent; price $575. Inquire grocery. 4Q 6th.
X ODGING-HOUSKS BOUGHT, SOLD and
Jj exchanged. I-lIEI.I'S & ■ <>.. 917 I »rkl-jr^
i LODGING-HOUSE-* TO LET. ]~
TO ROOMS; ■ A RI3AL GOLD MINE; : )LD-
IO-eßtablished house; elegant new modern
furniture; new carpet: everything flrit-c.ass;
cheap rent- owner retiring from business. 1 EM-
ING A CO., 737 Market st.
1 r.KOOM COR. HOUSE. NEAR BALDWIN;
1 5 mu"tseli. -DECKER, 1020 Market St. <
rt\ ROOM HOTKLi RKNT $70: BUSINESS
50 lotion: $1500. : DECK KB. 1020 Marke.
TVTEAT CLEAN HOUSE; 40 BOOMS; Ci.lv
_N Ing $50; splendid-paving location: easy terms;
a bargain. Real Estate, 765 Market st. t
000 VAN NESS, COR. GROVE— 44 R00..15;
__JO-W arranged for lodgings or liou^keeping.
FUKMTUKE IOK SALE.
t "^ TR. W MAT H '
Jb Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. sets ■ !««,,
Oak bed sets 918 50
Bed lounges 5 J°,
Stoves ' ™
Carpets, per yard *2
Linoleum, per yard ■•>
Matting, per yard..... y ■ ."
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. £__ .
T."OR SALE-7-ROOM FLAT COMPLETELY
r and newly furnished; rent $30. 125 Grove st.
T^LOOR OILCLOTHS * £°
X I Engli h Linoleum 3
Brussels Carpet ■••■•.. 15
4-room outfit, solid oak 75 00
SHIRKK A SHIRKK, 747 Market St.
X L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
Al\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS! $14;
IVy) stoves. $5: parlor sets, 820; foldln»-bedi
$10; bed- onnzfs. $7. T. O. MCCARTHY IIJ 4- ■
FUIINITUKE WANTED.
h and" FURNITURE FOR COUNTRY;
_• good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR Fl'RNl-
ture and merchandise see lil'lil), 211 Larkin.
~i C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
O . fornia St., corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
AMALON- PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
I.) * FORK SELLING YOUR FURN I T U R
J J send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
BASCH. 821 SUTTKR, WANTS FURNI-
. lure, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
MAYKR BUYS YOUR FURN ITU RK.
. carpets, piano. IIHS Market: lei. Jessie 7tll.
• CAltl'ET CLEANING.
"Tones! Co. cakFet^'Txkas ing and
0 renovating works. Main Office 25 and 27 Srh.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, 3c. : RUG
\J samples fcee; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON, 19 Eighth St.
RKAT W~KSTKRN CARPET-BE Q
VJT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, IrBth; phone Jessie 253.
BEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 4U.
pONKLIN'S CARPET SEATING WORKS. US
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone, east 126.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.BENOV A-
ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. Mouth 250.
pARP_T3 CLEANED AND BENOVATEU
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth; t_
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successor).
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. .' .11
. 14th St.: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
. ovatlng works. 45'! Stevenson: tei. south 2'JS.
MUSICAL INSXKI M l. Ml .
i_LIAMTGTBADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hallet & Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st.
UPRIGHTS SACRIFICED; SCHUBERT.
Stein way. Weber, Decker Bros. 1019 Van Ness.
E HAVE A NUMBfcR OF GOOD PIANOS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure & bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
_ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts. , Steinway rep-
resentatives.
I ■\7"ERY CHOICE UPRIGHT, BEAUTIFUL
! V case, excellent tone, sacrificed for $130: owner
; obliged to sell. Room 21, 809 Market at.
N ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT STEINWAY;
immediate, forced sale. Room 10, Flood bldg.
\,f AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; N EW";
i»J sold to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento st.
FISHER UPRIGHT, $125: MARSHALL _
Wendell. $125: bargains a $150 and $175.
! THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
PIANOS HALF PRICE.
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL'.
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
I tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
AS OUlt NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
j month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Steinway representatives.
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STEKL-
ing$lOO; $60. BRLENN'S, 228 Post.
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
[ CER CO.. 933 Market St.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THK F. W. SPENCER- CO.,
933 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
JD _ Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J.HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St.. Spreckels building.
jj. lOr FINE CHICKERING; SCHMITZ, 16
Vpi-^O. McAllister st., next to Hibernla Bank.
pHICKKUING, KNABK, STUCK, VOSK, STKH-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: planoa
jor renu BENJ. CURTAZ <fc SON, 16 O'Farrell.
YRON MAIZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMKH,
Newby & Evans. Briggs pnd other planoa.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Rlace.
— -—-i ------------- ------I _—
LOST.
LOST— JUNE 26. 6n~thibd st" bet^ bry-
ant and Brannan, purse containing papers,
■ considerable money and cards addressed Mrs. S.
J. Lynch, Santa Cruz, Return D. C BEN IS, 419
Bryant St.. and be suitably rewarded.
■1 OST— GOLD LOCKET; FILIGREE BOTH
J J sides, with diamond on front side; $25 reward.
j 625y Larkin st., third floor.
OST— ON O'NEILL ST., SUNDAY, JUNE 21,
lady's purse containing old coins, small chau c
I and cards with owner's name. Return to TRULK-
SEN'S Grocery, Golden Gate, Alameda County,
aud receive reward. -
LACK SILK AND LACE CAPE AT ST.
Bridget's picnic: sui anle reward. 1128 Union.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A^^VIC^iFIiEE^TJIv7mcI^LAVVS~A~I<PEc:t7
x_ alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. Ide Dldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS!
. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California sU
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth at., room. 14. 15.
\y W. DA VH)SON,ATTORNKY-A T- LAW, 420
1 1 • California st., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
STORAGE.
QTORA^E^C^E^AFKST^II?T^E"cr?Y"rFIR&
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
APPLY FOR RATES FOR BTOHINO FURXl-
ture, etc. IKKK <fc SHIRKK. 747 Market.
T ARGEDRY • BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
XJ lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
rp H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION-STORAGE AT
X .redr.ced rates: basement storage,?! 50 per load
URNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
■ vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YLO 11,204 Post.
OWEST. RATES— FURNIFuRE, PIANOS,
■I household goods, etc J. M. :''erce, 735 Markeu
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building: Kastern plan.
PHYSICIANS.
tSemo v__— -bTc. 1 " c. 6'donn'ell" TO i'ioa
'XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
U his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~~
FOR RENT — CHOICES^ ITjCATION IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
! lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
! furnished; to -class tenant long term. Sea
CAPTAIN Morrison. Berkeley.
TYPE WRITERS.
Remington, $357 SMITJSrS6O; KKN'D FOR
XV sample work. SCOTT & BANN AN",333MnUmy
TO LEAS_.
rpo I.ET— SE^ONfri'LOORT POWER
I Xor without; brick building. 145 Beale M.TO LET.
©99 Pvfk 1507~JACKSON ST^"\VEST~OF
<IP — *->'<J,\J. Lark 2-story house of 6 rooms!,
bath and basement: in perfect- repair. Apply
jBUKNHAM & MARSH CO., 628 Market st.
TO LET-SUNNY RESIDENCE SE. COR.
1 Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; fine
View. Apply 11. MEYER, 929 Broadway.
TO LKT— TWO-STORY, HOUSE. OF 8 ROOMS
and bath. 1223 Golden Gate aye.
■T7<INE SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
yarJs for flowers; charm: ng location on quiet
B^reet: clean and attractive; 7 rooms, hath,
laundry: unfinished has ment; $30. DEMPSTJSR,
06 Glen Part aye., off Twelfth st. *
J ELEGANT NKW SUNNY 6 ROOMs; OPEN
J plumbing; nice neighborhood. 512 Guerrero.
npo RENT— S3S; WARM BELT: MISSION
: X Nob Hill: cor. Liberty and Dolores sts. ; hand-
some Eastlake house; 10 large rooms and bath;
I perfect onier; large garden.
QOft HOUSE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, AT 326
, «S)ZU. Polk st.
00 1 7 A C SON— EL KG ANT, NEW, MOD-
-001 I crn house of 9 room*, bath and finished
basement: marine view; rent reasonable. WILL
E. FISH & CO., 14 Post st.
S'~ PLKN 1 » ID~~8-~RobM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
tli'th Bt.. bet. Valencia and Mission; see if
very low rent.
OUSK-A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN <& Hammond, 10
Slontgomery st.
MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
tjpOV/. ment: large yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
S\. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
X'UKNISHED JXOUSES. ~~
/».ROOM corThouseToa kl jls'-d, stable!
\J large lot, $30. Apply Dentist, 10 Geary st.
QUNNY" HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; XICII.Y FUR-
-0 relied; piano: »35. 1515 Prove st.. nr. Raker.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGS, NEARLY NE\v7~6~ROOMS~^ND
\J bath, laundry; large stable. 828 Hampshire st.
AflQ LAUREL ST., NR. CALIFORNIA — NKW
'-I\JO modern cottaceof 6 rooms, bath and base-
m»nt. WILL E. FISHER A" CO., 14 Post st.
7>>l LOTT— COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH ;
i — l garden In front; rent $19; owner, 111 Van
>ess aye. '
pOTTAUE OF 8 to 'MS; BATH; GARDEN;
KJ yard. 2824 Mission st.
FLATS TO LET.
I," INK FLAT; li*9 OUSRREKO sv..
Twenty-third; 4 rooms, bath, laundry; also 332l
Twenty-first st., near Valencia, 3 nice rooms, bath,
basement. Apply BALDWIN & HAMiiuND, 10
Montgomery st.
LAV-WINDOW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
*> bath: all modern improvements. 647 Steven-
son st., be:. Seventh and Eighth.
Ql7 ELECiANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
Oil. fiat: 5 rooms; bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near Twenty-fourth.
99<-* TENTH— SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 5
— — U rooms; bath; modern improvements: yard.
TT-LATSSROOMSEAChTyaRD; BASEMENT.
J 123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third si.
VISE UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH. ETC.,
" 922: lower flat. 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $25: both above in perfect condition: on
12th St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, $16.
DEMPSTER, 36Ulen Par* aye, off 1 ______ _
00 WALLER. M-.AK MARKET— ELEGANT
C 1 *— new upper flat; 7 rooms and bath; best light-
ed flat in city.
T OWER FLAT, 7 ROOMS, BATH; ALL MOD-
-Li em. 917 butter st.
(JO A AND $15; TWO FLAT-> 4 AND 6 SUN-
tjp-l"i ny rooms: good oraer. 262 Clara, nr. 6th.
Qj-I 7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
tjpl. I . Post St., near Polk.
= ■V'EAR CITY HALL; FLATS 4 AND 6 ROOMS.
-*-> 149 Grove st. and 127 and 716^ Ivy aye.
I^IQA POST— S ROOMS AND BATH, FUR-
-1 XJXO nished or unfurnished; Only $20. Apply
on premises.
1619 c Post— Rear: 4 rooms: nice and sunny $10.
1318 Natoma— 4 rooms; $12.
ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all modern ' Improvements.
1633 Bush si., bet. Franklin and tioutth; reut, in-
cluding water, $42 5O •.
-n.) SIXTH— ROOMS, HALL, FOLDING
«'—«-. doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced, $12:
also 5 rooms, bath: large yard: rent reduced, $12.
I^LAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH; GOOD MARINE
Tiew. 2104 Leavenworth St., cor. Filbert.
UN NY FLAT; 4 ROO~MS; BATH; CHEAP.
NW. Seventeenth and Sanchez.
T OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 5 LARGE
XJ rooms. SO% Moss, off Howara, near Seventh.
© 1 U UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
tjpl«7. 524 Grove st. VOX RHEIN <fc CO.
won £/\ 135 ASH aveTToff VAN NESS,
_.«JU. tit. McAllister— Flat 5 rooms, bath.
<& "1 UPPER FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY
«3TXO. rooms. 728^ McAllister st.
VKW FLAT, 6 ROOMS ANJJ BATH: $12;
1> water free. 529 Ivy aye. '
SUNNY NOB-HILL FLAT, U2O PINE, OPPO-
sue the Bella Vista: 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25: latest Improvements.
1 CAT STEINER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
ICU I flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
I'll EDDY— DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
J «J"iL nerflat; 6 rooms: latest improvements;
rent reasonable.
r.VI McAllister— flat 6 ROOMS and
• —Q3 bath: sunny side; rent reduced.
SUNNY FIATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: «13 and $16. 1706 Post st. ,
©1 A 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT, HALF X
<3plU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye. \
TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
FLAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
OWrR FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Ca3tro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day: rent $14; water free.
LJKGAN'T NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., B£-
XJ low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
ICIJ TOP FLOOR; NICE HOUSE-
IJiT keeping; 3or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry, basement.
4 vVEJiK'-S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS
WEEKLY CALL, In wraDDer. for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Eddy Street.
9Q EDDY-ONE FURNISHED SUITE FOR
*- it light housekeeping; clubroom or doctors.
Ql7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
OX I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family. ft . - .
J mil Street.
Oi A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
Oxrk dow room and kitchen; 2 other sunny front
housekeeping rooms, bath; recently renovated;
private; $10 up.
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O£iZi housekeeping; $9. '
AC)QI FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
u-Oij kitchen completely furnished for house-
keeping. ■ ' ■
1 ourtli Street.
/fQ7 FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
rzx/ I housekeeping: private family.
Fulton Street.
-1 I R FULTON — 2 LARGE ROOMS COM-
-110 pletely furnished or housekpg; $9 month.
s, eary si eel.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
4jH'Z unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
olden oate Avenue.
QAQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
rUi") room for housekeeping, $10; also small
. one, 5.
Howard Street. '
nrq HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
K)OO housekeeping: 2 or 3.
1 A*iQ HOWARD-UNFURNISHED FRONT
XtrZO room and kitchen, cheap; no children.
Jackson Street.
non jackson st. — furnished BUNNY
t/ZU front housekpg rooms $7 to $9; single, $4.
Kearny Street.
in ,4 KEARNY-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
IU4 and bath, with gas: $20. .-
*~ *icAlli«ter Street.
rnn McALLISTER-2 OB 3 UNFURNISHED
00 0 rooms for housekeeping.
fjiiuuj*___;eet.
r 4(* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
04u housekeeping; large yard.
,407 MINNA— 2 WELL FURNISHED
'iui houiiekeeplng rooms: reduced. - ' ' '-'
. ..Mon -.reel.
QQQ MISSION - 8 LARGE ROOMS AND
QUO kitchen, well furnished; $13; also single,
TTT.cri MISSION— SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
yZOg exclusive bath and porchM>tber rooms.
(Ta M.ISSION^TWO~"ROOMS fuunxshed
oID complete for housekeeping.
' a ri M I SSI ON -1 OR 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
oox complete for housekeeping. .___ .
¥fi~ TOL£T - 3 ROOMS AT 2507% MISSION
«JpO. street. .... ■ - ..-.-- ■- .
'Natoma Street. ■  ' '
ran NATOMA-2 FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
OO I housekeeping; $10.
Ninth Street.
on NINTH— FRONT SUITES: HOUBEKEEP-
■£{) ing; ato 4 rooms; stove; single: ?as; also
232 Ki^hUnt, , '
££^^K^PKIG^JR£OM£--Co^tlnja^
. . Nineteenth Street.
91 f» NINETEENTH, NEAR HOWARD — 8
Tit lurnished rooms for housekeeping; yard;
910.
Oak, Street.
, QAC OAK-PARLOR FLOOR; 3 FURNISHED
*J\J*J housekeeping rooms; .bath; every con-
ven'.ence; private family.
Q A OAK-UN FURNISH ED UPPER FLOOR
y\.'u 3 rooms; bath; rent $14.
Octavla Street. '
14AOOCTAVIA, COR. GEARY—
1 ±\JtJ bay-window connecting; furnished.
' ; v'l-ai'rril Hrtei.
AOl O'FARRELL— » OR 3 COMPLETELY
"O L furnished housekeeping rooms: also parlors.
Prospect Place.
m PROSPECT PLACE-FURNISHED
single or double rooms for light housekeep-
ing from $5 to $10: German family.
Scott Street.
ICI A SCOTT-3 OR 4 SUNNY UNFUR-
IUJ.Tr nished rooms; bath; garden; cellar; from
$16: call p. v . . .
Seventh Street.
1 Oft SEVENTH-2 LARGE SUNNY FUR-
JLOU nished front honsekpg rms.; veranda; yard.
MXth Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping rooms and other rooms.
AO Q SIXTH— BASEMhNT, 3LARGR ROOMS,
— t/yard, $8; furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms.
fIOQ SIXTH — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
O£iO rooms with cellar, for man and wife: $6.
Stevenson Street.
4 9C STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH
Ji-O— First floor; very convenient. Apply
within. ■
Stockton -Street.
900 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY, NEAR
— vu the Emporium— 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; references.
Turk Mreat.
11 ft TURK— &l EGANTLY FURNISHED
X, LU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
1 CM TWELFTH— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
J-O'i keeping rooms: closets, sink, range.
Vaiencl • street
-I 9JA VALENCIA— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
-L— "X\t housekeeping; no children; rent $7 50.
Van Is ess Avenue.
Q9fJ VAN NESS AYE.-l NEWLY FUR-
ij£\) nished housekeeping room; corner bouse,
71 O VAN NESS— 3 NICE, SUNNY, FRONT
1 1U completely furnished housekeeping rooms;
$28.
Webster Street.
m WEBSTER— SUITE OF 2 OR 3 LARGE
rooms furnished, housekeeping; gas; bath.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TflS
jA. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
KOOMS TO LET.
Bush Street.
1 1 07 BUBH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X X\J t rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
-» licly Mreat..
"I 1 Q EDDY-THE BKIGHTEST, CLEANEST,
X IO cheapest rooms in the city; *6 up.
QO'7 EDDY— VER.Y PLEASANT SUNNY
O\J I room; low rent; private family.
1-ifcinli sttent.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, B8 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished. |
i-ilis street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-ELECTRIC
■ lights in every room: reading-room contains all I
dally papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8: month, $8 to 820: fire
escapes; elevator on office floor- r'ms for families.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot <fe cola water.
POSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XX. at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
')—— CALHOUN, First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
COO ELLIS — UNFURNISHED PA M LOR
0~ 0 floor of 2. Bor 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
.Everett Street.
A C EVERETT— FURNISHED ROOMS: DAY,
riO week or month; $3, $4 and 85 per month.
• <jtmy Mree;.
An(\ GEARY— FRONT SUITE VA-
"I — ' ' cant July 1: suitable for doctor, dentist or
others; reasonable: also other rooms. - -
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary su, aVV. cor. van Ness aye.
Grove Street.
lA GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
X\JO ny room: rent 85.
Hickory Avenue
m HICKORY AYE., NR. GOUGH— LARGE
front room, furnished: $6. •'>"•%.-;
Howard Street.
11 9Q HOWARD — FURNISHED FRONT
1 1 ~ v rooms, with closets, 95 month up.
1 1 QA HOWARD— COMPLETE FUR-
11OU nished housekeeping rooms in private
family.
1 RftU HOWARD. COR. FOURTEENTH — 3
IOUD or 4 rooms: rent low.
.' Jongs "•tree:.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Suite: also Bunny alcove room; private.
OH 7 .'ones — this'" VAN WINKLE. skw
L\j I management: elegant sunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished : bath, etc.: SlO to SHU.
/jit JONES— SUNNY FRONT PARLOR; UN-
DID furnished. Call Sunday after 6p. M.
<-c.mr *tr«*»-.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
'/V pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
VVE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
• > Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
jLeavenworth street.
r-i "I LEAVENWORTH^-SUNNY PARLORS:
1 11 nice private house; gentlemen only; refer-
ences exchanged. *>
luurkit Street. ■ .
7Q7 M ARK ET— NICELY FURNISHED,
i O I pleasant, sunny rooms; very reasanable.
V OSEMITE HOUSE; 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to 91 : week. 91 50 to $5: families.
Sllnn* >treei..
9?: "I MINNA— GENTLEMAN ROOMER; 91 A
L.OX week. Call evening or Sunday.
Miss. on - cc .
QCIQ MISSION, COR. SIXTH (THE PORT-
Wo land)— Elegantly furnished rooms and
offices. . . -
Pine Street.
n't 1 PINE— SINGLE AND DOUBIE FUR-
Dl J nished rooms, from $5 to $10 a month.
Polk Htreet.
11 QQ POLK, CORNER SUTTKR— SUNNY
1100 furnished front rooms; new building.
Post Street. 
99Q1 POST (THE DOM US)— NICELY FUR-
Z.&.0-4 nished rooms; splendid location; gentle-
men.
af\Q POST-LOWER PAKT OF HOUSE TO
UUO let; 3 rooms and kitchen. i
Sansoxne Street. ' -
ZUM KAISERHOF, 8« SANSOME ST., BET.
Pacific and Broadway — Fine sunny rooms,
newly furnished, $3 per month and upward; house-
keeping rooms. ■
Second Street.
pESTRAL LODGING-HOUSE, 62 SECOND—
\J Thoroughly renovated ; convenient and respect-
able; most reasonable.
bixiliSirne;.
949 SIXTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
Zitt^i able for 2 gents, $7: small room 94.
tuner >;ree..
?L[\(\ SUTTKR, COR. POWELL —SUNNY
UUv front BUiteof 8 rms; furnished or unfurnd.
/r I JSUTTEK— LOVELY SUNNY ROOMS;
«JJL"dr new and handsome furniture: bath, hot
and cold: very cheap; front suite for doctor's off! c.
niy, SUTTER — HANDSOME PA LOR
\J\J i floor of 3 rooms: furnished: also sunny
suite. . .'• • .■•..■-' . . ■■.■'..•■■■■
rr^yt* SUTTER— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
i AX) private; gentlemen; reference If required.
1111 SUTTER," — NICELY FURNISHED
li 1 I rooms; suites and single; also bouse-
keeplng. ' ■ r - . -■■'- ■
...... Tuyior Street. ';
1(\ 9 TAYLOR-LA SUNNY OFFICES
1 \jli for doctorordentlst ; also others; reasnable.
" ) .)~T A -^NICELY FURNISHED SUN"-
U*-— < ny rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. - - ■ .
' ■ ' Tenth ' Mree;.
-I OK TENTH-LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
x£o room, gas, bath, $9; small one, $5.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
BOOMS TO lET- Continued. -
Webster Street.
1 P.l WEBSTER — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
Xk)XO nished window front room: also
single room connected ;° running water and bath;
with or without board; home comfort; reasonable.
Miscellaneous.
/-IENTLEMAV TO RENT • SMALL ROOM,
VT with free use of sitting-room, dining-room and
kitchen: only #5 a month. Anp y to .Mil, A
WATER-, care of Ph-lpg & Xliims, 12!) Suf.crst.
IiOAKIJIXti ANl> KOO3IS.
\j^ANTJ^-^vb^GNG^^Ml?N^^^ ;
'« and board in private club; references ex-
changed. Address T. R., box 58, Call Office.
1 rtfil SUTTER (HORNER) — SUNNY
-LUUJ. suites and rooms; good table. MRS.
STANFORD.
1017 SUTI ' —NICELY FURNISHED
1"1 I large sunny rooms, , with board, private
i family, for 2 persons, $55.
7 I 9 POST- FURNISHED ROOM; USE OF
I J — r parlor and piano; good board; $20 up.
Crt OB GEARY —N 1C LV FURNISHED
OJLO rooms; suitable forcounple or 2 gentlemen.
/Columbia HOTEL-D. BUOKLBY, FOK-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be omdono in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet all
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.: meals 25c.
mHE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
-1 worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
OT*.L BERT LINO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given ana required: all mod- .
phi convenience*.
CHILDKK.S I!OAKD£D.
T> X OT ESTAN TMX) CpXeTn MISsiTjSTwOULD
X like 1 or 2 children to board; good home; best
care; can give reference; $8 per mouth. Address
Home, box 64, Call Office.
ADY WANTS 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
fine home; mother's care. 1021 De Haro St.,
between 1 wenty-second and Twenty-third.
ANTED— 2 children to BOARD BY a
" well-recommended German widow. D., box
159. Call Office. ■ .
SXOIiKS TO LET.
WEIX
dT-i-»J. lighted store: plate-glass ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
rpo LET— STORE AND FLAT; GOOD LOCA-
-1 tlon for saloon and lodging-house. Apply 829
Hampshire st., near Twenty-first.
Q ECOND FLOOR 411 WASHINGTON ST., OPP.
0 Postoffice; well lighted; sunny; 40x120.
OP FLOOR FOR MERCHANT TAILORING;
window display on ground floor. 817 Market
T ARGE CORNER STORE WITH 2 LIVING^
XJ rooms and basement; also 11-it of 8 rooms and
bath. 417% Third st.
OFFICES TO LDT.
TQ^Tj^LA^fKiH^^R^iVr^TrFTK^E^ SEC^
ID 1 U ond floor; new modern brick; reasonable
terms.
1 OFT TO LET: ALSO OFFICE. APPLY 8.
Xj FOSI ER & CO., 26 and 28 California st.
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
Elegant sunny offices. $13 60 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
orO. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
aT^pr 895 STEARNS^ SPECIAIT^NEW
$)O\J. tires; fine order. 55 First st.
W INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
QECOND-HAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
O order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland 930. Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS.. 25 Geary st.
QC NKW FALCON; HIGH GRADE: 945 AND
00 $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market St.
OICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, TO $65. HAM-
-13 iiton Cyciery, Baker su, near Hayes.
L/ICYCLESFOR92O, $25, ;?30, $35, $40, $45,
X) 950, second-hand, 306 Post st. ■
IpOR SALE— '96 RAMBLER; WARWICK: IM-
' penal and Clipper bicycles at great bargains.
303 Larkin st.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Allister and Powell sb car linos.
lOli SALK-MISCiSLLiANIiiOUS.
TTPRIGHT BOILER^ ENGINE o^HORSE-
U power: buzz planer; nearly new. J. W., box
9, Call Office. "
ST. BERNARD (IMPORTED), SMOOTH
coat, for sale; $20. 13 Taylor st.
ITiOR SALE— NICE COUNTER AND SHOW-
. case,;cheap. 1911 Mission st.
LOOP-YACHT— S3OO: 27x11. APPLY STORE
1548 Park St.. Alameda.
REBH COW FOR SALE. INQUIBK FORTY-
. fifth su, opposite Old Ladles' Home, Oakland.
-3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENHINE &. CKNTRIFU-
X— 3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE & CKNTRlFU-
galpumpattached<bso-llgbtdynamo.sl6Mlsslon
LMJK SALE CHEAP — TEAM OF YOUNG
x} mules, harness and wagon; good roadsters.
Apply 1913 Magnolia St., Oakland. •
COUNTERS, SHE LV 1 NO, showcases
V^ bought and sold. 1121 Va Market, 7th <& Bth.
ARIiAINH TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
V> OILERS, ENGUSES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
1 > waterplpes. Mclntoah it Wolpmao, 137 Beale.
. UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHiid
! ) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE ALL MEDIUM AND LAROE BIZS
fire and burglar proof safe. 09. 11l Market k.
Tmke AND BURGLAR safe, LETTER-'
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
ATEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BKUONI>
li hand. W. H. RAY Mfg Co.. 18 California su
EDUCATIONAL.
EALb'Sß^JS^'E^S^6^L^^E^4^6^T^Tl
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
vocal music; piano; elocution tor parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit; practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specially ;
vocal classes Monday 8 p. m. : $1 per month.
pIANO LESSONS, 500 HOUR. MR. WATTS,
X 218 Golden Gate aye.
\t USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
■it-L in singing: $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
SHORTHAND AN D TYPK WRITING
school: terms $3 per month. 605 Ellis st.
■VriGHTSCUOOL;HEALD'SBUS.COLLKGE;24
Xi PoBt:commercial, shorthand, English : low rates
OuKKEKPINO BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
X) ant teaching; V 3 "me and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Market.'
VTTEND BIIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
/x st. The very : bi>Bt individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., 91; books free.
OOKKPNU, WRtTNG, ABITHMTC. GRAMR
day* nl'.-ht: 96 month. 845 Mission
1 UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VT lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTMAUS, 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVKN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. ■ ; -.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bid. B7.
V*PaNISH. FRENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
kJMeisterschaft School Languages. 122 Farrell v
Y RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa
scholarship 950; low rates per week and month.
L>ELASCO'B LYCEUM HCHOOL OK ACT ING—
Xi Private theatrical.? arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th mid Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. UK-
-0 cbanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay, estab. 64. VAN DKR NAILi.KN. 723 Mlct :
______
bOKSES.
oITsXIIe^BIJG^Y^O^E^Y^XrTo^LD;
' regular pet; can make 8-minnte gait; lady or
child can arive him: also harness cheap. Apply
NE. corner Pacific and Larkin sts.
ILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION AT 645
Geary St., July 3, 1 gray mare, -buegy and
harness for board bill. C. R. MARTIN.
WANTED -STYLISH HORSE, ABOUT 16
hands high; must be gentle and able to trot
within 3 minutes; name price. 11., box 17, Call.'
GOOI) STRONG - RELIABLE DELIVERY
horse; 920; a bargain. 159 Second st.
TEI BOLD HARNESS CO—PAN V ;' 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for 88 money than you can buy Eastern
tri'»h: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister su, 8. F.
"i -M&IiiSAhWA.Ni) second hand har-
-xO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rocka ways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
en A SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND har-
t)UU ness; all kinds: bHggy.waeon, carts, surrey
* roi-fc-iwav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Al\ HORSE:* iUli SALK; ALSO -WAGONS,
iv bugsi-'s, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth bu ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLK, .A notion*
ORSE-S PASTURED; ShN) ...it i.iu.,.-
-lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 i ommerclal su—-
AVAGONS - AJSU . CAKUIAOJEs. .
SALE, AT: EASTERN * PRICES.
F carriages of .every desc Iption; cash, notes or
Installments. : CcrvlU Mfg Co., . 46-48 B.h st., S. F.
SLIGHTLY * SOILED • DRIVING OJLOVK.S:
sample*. H. M. HKINKMAN, 109 Sansome st.
\riSW AND SECOND-HAND BAKKRS', LA UN-
XI dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 line buggies. H2B Harrison st.
HOTJSI/: TO LEASE.
T~~O L^T^TIIE^^T^EIJtrTaoUS E~ 31 7^319
Bush this well-known hotel Is ; thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; compares with
1 beat Sd<lass hotel in town. MADISON & BURKE
I
I" Vu Y^VoUiTla DIF.S^^H^ITiT^vXtSTsToR
) 25c; heavy toweling for sc: curtain lace: per-
cales; '■ sheeting; corsets; : 'unaerwear; hosiery;
trimmings; .bedspreads, etc., very cheap at Pio-
neer Dry Goods btore, 105 Fifth bu .
OIWiERLuT CHEAP FOR CASE: 50x100;
V^ good bargain. Call room 14, 995 Market st. ■
LADY, STRANGER IN CITY, WISHES
business partner. 122 Post at., room 2. , -
Vi. r ANTEIr— SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR
II largest fair of the Northwest; held during Oc-
tober; write full particulars. W. E., box 22, Call. j
RS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city. ' . ■ -- •■
DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPB-
clalty, private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-la\v. 850 Market s:
QUITS TO OHPER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlne Company.l 117 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
T>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday, June 'J6, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. For par iculara a idreßS 424 Pine. [
mRIED GETTING YOUR HAIR DRESSED
1 at Lederer's? Do. Excellence and thorough-
ness is my hobby, and the price— 2sc— is my strong
point,. G. LKDKRKR, li} Stockton st.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake the number.
H" AIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURE, . 25c;
face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post sU.r. 20
URK CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: - eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
gent by mail for 25 cents. Address p. O. box
2053, San Francisco, Cal. v.
RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST : DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
-L course taught in six weeks; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
/ILOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Fansome, upstairs.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
\\T ATCH AND JEWELRY :.. REPAIRING:
II low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. X. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearoy.
LIBKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
lry, etc. : lowest, rates. 94H Market at.
1 I li\f\ CARDS, $160; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
1 ' 'UU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary sU, r. »9.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
XV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTH -
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM (
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
T>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVK-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi- ■
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
OL.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 Ha. cor. Jessie.
ni;i'.ssMAKti;.s. »
tTrESSES^ S2^UP- WR,XpPERs"3S CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma st., above Sixth.
/COSTUMES REASONABLE; SPECIAL
\J rates to professionals. Room 85, St. Ann's
building. 6 Kddy st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.,
i SsisTANCE AND ADVICE
I V. thai makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brines the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Kddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
dally and Sundays.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c; |
gents 50c: all questions answered. 6 Seventh.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1 ; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift, Rooms and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, GJVES j
Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 206 Stockton su Hours
9 to 8; elevator. ■ '
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, reader,' born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
\\ ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
I*l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLK TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O' Farrell et.
ME. LEGKITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
- future; 25c. 311 TPhama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MX. AKKUT, BKST FORTUNE TKLLEit IS
the world: 50c and $1, shows yon the olctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
I.)ETURNKI>, WORLD-RENOWN MMfi.
J t SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,-
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
X VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living I
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the teu years past, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her.- Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try io Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the- earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines", (registered ' and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how lonic standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfHC ory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 <fc UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st, opp. Seventh,
San Francisco. •
RS. DR. W. MI It AN
The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to nil her patients who return this cou-
pon ;' shed slre-f to make known her wonderful
power over the sick, troubled and afflicted: your
life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
success and happiness:- diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp ans.: sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
\\ OTHER SADIE— SEANCE TO-DAY AT 12 I
I'l o'clock, 635 Post St.; 2 more seances; leaves 1
June 30. : . .
m KST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNG,
X 605 McAllister. - Skeptics Invited.
RS. PLACE HOLDS A CIRCLE TO-NIGHT
at 229 Fell St.; 25c.
ENRY CRINDLK; MATERIALIZING SE-
ance this eve. ; 25c. Room 40, 14 McAllister.
I,ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 M\RK«iT ST.;
i-> seances ' every night except - Mondays and
Thuredavs: Independent slatewriting, materializa-
tions and trumpet speaking: 1 ri vale sittings dally,
$1: chairs tor seance, .6c; grind developing circle
Saturday nights: hours dally 9 to 4.
DDIE SWAIN (MEDIUM), PSYCHIC PHY-
siclan; ladies only; no fte except gift; circle
Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. 14 McAllister.
I ONELLA. SPIRITUAL AND TEST ME D I
Xj recently of New York, tells you how to be pros-
perous In business; locates mines: sittings daily;
hour* 1 to 6. . Parlor's 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
R>. KATK.HOSKINS, TRANCK AND BTSl-
ncss medium: sittings daily; $1. i:-iti Oak st.
__________________ . „_„
ASTKOLOGY.
KDTc^T^AS^oToG^Y^P^O^rH^W^CR^S
vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect neal.h. 311 Hyde St., 10 to 3.
ME. DR.'-? THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 92i? Pout; fee $1; letter $2.
■ ; ; • .-.-DENTISTS.:... .;":<-.' -~
J^^l^sT^cXa^S^^^N^tTsTrY^ FIRST^CLASS~
prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C HAB-
DING. CM., M.D., 600 Sutter st., corner Powell.
■ ,R. LUCKETI', 170rf i'u V hi.. AKAK iiU-
-1 / cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. , RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown ' work, bridge work • and teeth withoac
plates a specialty. ; 103 Geary at..' cor. Grant ays.
(J>7 A I»KT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A-J
»3> I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SI.HM.3,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I vK. LuDLUM HILL, 144; i MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge ior extracting whe>t
plates are made; • old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set -..extracting 50c; gas given.'
1/>uli., . ii». O* ■Uii'.iii, $7: warranted
r five years.' DR. V. CA V LSK Y. 24 Sixth su
ET OF IJ^KTH WITHOUT A rtATKUK, li.
O <>. : V«<i:N<J..lB4l Polk (U J ,
I,R UEOROE \V. LXXX. THK ; GENUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
•nd patentee of •, improved : bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from oto 20 Farrell St.
P~ A INLES3 '-.': tXTRACTIOX. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 veaW
experience. R. L. WALaH. D.D.H.. 815»4 Geary. :
/ :>UCTu.V X)ENTAL ASSOCIATION. bOd MAK-
\J ketht. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
D.R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDKN
; Gate aye.— Open • evenings; , Sundays till noon. ,
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
CC. BEMIS^ ~" "^" T^?^""'- "■"•■ "*~~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
.'/ I' FOU SAL'S .. . ■
$2600— E. side of Stanyaa su, bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. •
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
96700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
big the Presidio and bay. -. ;
. $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :b feet: electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on . Harrison su.
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N VV. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
Choice building lots north of Dark.
PLACE YOUR ORDER WITH US FOR A
X house and lot; we can arrange to have a house
built containing four rooms and sell the sa c with
a desirable lot for 000 and up, according to lo-
cation, etc.; a reasonable cash payment required;
balance monthly.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
tlt9£»nn PAIR FLATS, A BARGAIN;
■iPZ.UUU. half block from Valencia St.. near
Nineteenth. C. L. HEDEMARK, 1032 Valencia.
Cl* 1 AA i W \t\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
tIpIUU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. ■■■."• . -.-- ■
WNER.MUST LEAVE CITY: WILL SELL
great sacrifice for cash: SW. cor. Fol9Om and
21st sts., 95x90 ft.
QOUTHWEST 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x
0 110 fU
ALSO. 60x100 FT. N SIDE PAGE ST., 37 FT.
from Shrader, bet. Sbrader and Stanyan ats. ;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st. ■■
QfcS>l i\f\ COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
<IDZ/±UU. on lot 60x122, near station: terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; S'2s down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN , HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission su
r\ HEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE. LOT; 7
V rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, % block G. Gate Par*.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
L^A^U^XIfR^CTrTHE^GEM'oF^HE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 leet, from $80 to
$200: small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGHT . 220 San.some st., San Francisco, Cal.
tOUNTKV HEAL. ESTATE.
CAN IT BE TRUE? WE GUARANTEE IT;
800 acres in 40- acre tracts: no better in the
State: good climate; abundance of good water;
near railroad -. near town: level; title perfect; $10
per acre. .J. T. DUNN, 112 Montgomery su . -,.:.;
©OXfin 320 ACRES FINE LAND NEAR
«IpO«JUU. Reading: fine fruit and grazing;
plenty wood and water; exchange for city prop-
erty; pay difference. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery. . '
I A ACRES-LOS GATOS, JUST OUTSIDE
t'lU city limits, east 1 mile from Costoffice; most-
ly In French prunes; half in bearing; choice fam-
ily orchard, containing over 100 varieties of fruit,
and abundance of berries and 30 varieties grapes;
completely furnished home, hard finished, 6
rooms, bath, storeroom, windmill, barn, carriage-
house, good family horse, buggy. 2-seated surrey
and new phaeton, chickens, chicken-house and
all farming utensils; place in very finest order;
possession given immediately. Address box 361,
Los Gatos, Cal.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
A est in the State; seWn; in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forc?d to sell; 1% hours frm S. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
OG, DA IKY AND WOOD RANCH OF 160
acres. United States patent, and 160 acres
homestead abandonment; more than 100 acres
tillable: 1000 cords firewood; 3 large springs; 2
miles from town; lovely situation; $1000; half'
cash. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City, CaL
EAUTIFUL HOME; 176 ACRES FOR SALE
at a sacrifice: land is situated in Monterey
County overlooking tbe bay of Monterey; fine im-
provements, stock, -tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, fine water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
vl lie, Monterey County, Cal. " .
IV' ANTED— TO LEASE, SMALL RANCH FOR
'» chicken-raising In the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco Bay. Address, statin? rent and full partlcu-
lars. L. P., Box 23, Call Office.
SAN MATEO: FOR SALE; SPLENDID COUN-
try residence and 3 acres of land; house has all
modern improvements: ({rounds nicely improved
with ornamental trees, flower*, etc.; also outhouses
In all kinds; this Is one of the most desirable places
of San Mateo and can be secured at a bargain.
Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell sts. "
RUIT ORCHARD — 10-ACRE TRACTS,
fruit cannery connected with orchard; work
for men by the year: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; 10 s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. ■ .
OR HOMES IN LOS GATOS OR ORCHARDS
In tbe vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. it. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co.
END FOX OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMB
for sal WOOWTKR it WHITTON. San Joss.
MONEY TO LOAN.
OAN ON " R a£' 'k STATE IST OR." 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal : any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 3^B Montgomery.
ONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $3 INTER.
est per month for each 81000; same rate sec.
ond mortgage or lite insurance. Coin, box 2. Call
ONKY LOANKD ON -JEWJsLRY ANO
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTOAOKi;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. -
1 IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Imprest. Urn. 68, Donohue bids:. 1170 Market su
ST <£ 3D MORTGAGES; JN I ERKSTS IN E*
Utes;iowest rates:uo RPHY.62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY. KTO
-r\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. & Grant ava.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
xi. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without' re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORK. 948 Market st.: open evenings
PAWNBROKERS.
Xt^l2B KEARNY ET., ROOM" 9— MOn£t
XI. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: prt- ■
vate rooms: - elevator; pledges for sal j cheap, |
;-.■•■■ MEDICAL.
DR. josselyn, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
1206 Market s:.; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood and female troubles. - ' ■■■■•-
pATARRH CURED WITHOUT PAIN OR
\J poison: no inhaler wanted. A. L. WHEE-
LOCK, 614 Kearny St., Maine House. .■..; .
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails) perfectly harmless; free front any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; - prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. • DR. & MRS.
DA VIE&, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free;. French rrguiatlnv pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m to 5 p. m and 7 to 9 p. m.
ANEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores ; always in . one day;
can be sent and used at home; all case* guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and stir call on a
man's physician. DR. i'OPPKR. 318 Kearny st.
LL CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RB-
stored -In a few hours; - cafe : and sure relief
Guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate ■ home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
AL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Posl st., near Larkin.
TNSTITUTE OF PNKUjIAT< iPATH V FOR
1 healing- and instructions: 2729 Jackson s; .
hours, 10 tie 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free. ■ ;. ' ,:- j
DR. PEN A CHECKS IT IN, 24 HOURS-"
prompt relief; successful meat; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. ; 7 Grant av>. - • . '
1 ADIEB, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
JU 216 Powell sU; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
R& GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
.specially: unexcel ed In restoring irregularity
'or other conditions; home in confinement: best of
care: - low fees: pills t'i. \ Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st. ' :
RS. DR. WKOENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. .
URIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth su, Alameda. ■■
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FK.MALE DI -EASE
see MR-i.DR. PUETZ and be content. 254% 4th.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FKMALE DIH&ASES*
from whatever cause a home in confinement
with * every comfort; satisfaction' guaranteed, by
MRH. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk su •
1 K. HALL, 14 Ml'ALLle>. -TREKT, NKAU
.Jones. meases of women anil children. .
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A ' BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 Express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOI> BROS.. Oakland. Cal. ,< .
■.■; BAGGAGE TRANSFER. .."■-.
rpRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTa COMMERCIAL
1 Transfer Company. '43 , Sutter St.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE. •
pHICKEN'". 7 RANCH; FRUITVALF>: HA
\J acres; new bouse; bßrn: near school; $2000:
easy terms. . CX. KINO, 902 Broadway. ,
3 -ROOM HOUSE AND LOT; FRUITVALE ;
$460. C. K. KING. ■
djj Q(\f\ 6-Roosi cottage, forty-third
<p^»'U. St., Oakland: also V-> acre land at
Temescal, Oakland C. K. KING, SJO2 Broadway,
Oakland. • ; .
I ACRE: HOU-E AND BARN; OUT SAN
x Le mdro road; cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. - „ • .: ■
©'>KA ELEGANT NKW HOME, ALL
tjpo^iOU. modern, p'.ateslass throughout, extra
large lot, elezant location and fine view, hand v to
cars: cost $45 J0 five months ago: only $1250
cash, balance mortgage, p. C. WATSON, or J. S.
NAISMITH. 463 Nln.h st. Oakland.
<D» I RiiA MODERN 5-ROOM HOUSE,
«plt>"U. high basement, 100 feet land, nenr
High st., San Leandro road; easy terms, or trade
for Oakland unlncumbered lots. 70a Telegraph
aye., Oakland.
BARGAIN— FOR SALE, LOT 30x103, WITH
new bouse, 8 rooms, Clay and Sixteenth; busi-
ness location. Apply this office.
MUST Bt. SOLI) CHEAP; NOW JS THE TIME;
Frultvale, lVa acres land, full-grown orchard;
good house and outbuildings; spring water; just
the place for poultry: see owner on place, June
28 or after. C. B. RENO, Dimond, Alameda Co.,
Cal. .
OAKLAND HATS TO LET.
lip] Q NEW M^D^R^T^ROOM^FLATsTno
tlpj-O. dark or inside rooms: stove In Kitchen;
dumbwaiter; ■ water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station: apply at once. A. H.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth at.. Oakland. '
Oakland KOOMS and BOARDING.
tTarge^sunny bay- windowed fur^
xj niahed room; 3 minutes' walk from local
trains. Apply 677 Eighth su, Oakland. ;
ARIPOSA— MBB. EMMA H. ADAMS—
Newly furnisned or nnfurnlshed rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 666
Eleventh su, near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— LET.
X 1 with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and enstern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
OAKLAND KOOMS TO LET.
SUNNY FURNLsh^D^^pXrXo^sT^WITH
piano; also single rooms, at 522 Tenth st., Oak-
land. ■.■■--
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
<fr QE FURNITUHK 4RO O.Ms. it. Si'UELL.
tjpOO. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
alajieba XiKAL kstatk.
a!ic^se~^^^e^lmeXP~wntractorB
and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$2200— 5-25 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash, $22 60 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
S3ooo— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location. .
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
(E»"| IHA LOT 60x190: STREET WORK ALL
«JpXIW. done; beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station: 13- room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location In Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton st. T. F. BAI RD, 1303
Park st. .
C>i<nfin BEAUTIFUL new MODERN
tj!\j\J\J\J. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one olock west of Park si.; it will surely please
yon: Investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth su. Oakland. - • ■
BARGAIN.— $1350; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 caih;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODi),
1002 Broadway, Oakland. ■ '. ' -
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
0 RENT—NEW COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements: lawn, flowers. 1430
Ninth, bet. MastlcK and Knciaul Station. Alameda.
IIAYWABDS PROPKKIY.
3 ACRES, 1 MILE FROM. HAYWARDS." J.
acre fruit, new 5-room modern cottage, good
new barn, well and pump, chicken houses for 300
hens, pigeon yard, etc, 15 minutes' walk to elec-
tric cars; price $1800. P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal. < :
31 ACRES, ALL OUT TO APRICOTS, FULL,
3 bearinc, IV4 miles from Hay wards:' price
$950. Call on or addres P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards. Cal. ' '
iiKllli.liL.KX UKAL ESTATE.
JOSEPH j; MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
0 Insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALS
on easy terms. O. O. MAY A CO.. real estate
and building. 2123 Centpr ft.. Berkeley. .
PKOPISKTx TO EXCHANGE.
*K(\fC* * 3^AISB^vfHAT~Dio~YoTwAKTi
«JUU 20 houses and lots from $1250 ta.. 510,000
Residence property, clear. 12,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to bO.OOO
100 business places, all kinds, from C5O to. 4,000
H. C. DECKER, 10^0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
ANTED— GOOD-PAYING INVESTMENT
business property between Market. Jones and
Otary sts., S. F.; must pay 5 percent net; outlay
$40,000 to $50,000 cash.. Address Cash, 633
Hobart St., Oakland. .--v- 1 ;
1 Oyii ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J ZiO<> utttcr: line fur cat 1 le-r-. is N. 10. Call
LEGAL NOTICES.
I ~sr^H^^U^E^lOß^oljßT S^ll^A^^rFOß
the City and County .of San Francisco, State of
Callforn a— Department No. 9 (Probate). -
lv the matter of tbe estate of DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased. Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not be made.
A. <'. FRKEHK, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
I petition herein, duly veriliecl, praying for an
: order of tale of the whole of the real estate of said
decedent, for the pun oses therein set forth.
It Is therefore ordered by the said court that c!l
persons interested in the estate of said deceased
appear before the said superior Court on Monday,
the 13th day of July, 1896, at 10 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of Depart
merit No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hall in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of Cal lforn'a, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said aminis-
trator to Mil so much of the real estate of the said
deceased as shall be necessary. ■ - - • ,
And 1 1* it a copy of this order be published at
least on. c a week for 4 successive weaks - in the
Sax Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published in said City and County.
Dated June 12, A.D. 1*96.
J. V. COFFEY, Judge of the Superior Court.
J. D. SULi.IVAN, Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
icle building, Ban Francisco, Cal.
PURSUANT TO A DECREE OF FORECLO-
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
j 1896, notice Is hereby given that the property
I hereunder described will be sold at public auction
at tne Courthouse (Alilolani Hale) in Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. 1., on Wednesday, August 26,
181*6, at 12 o'clock noon. P. «.. JONKh,
Receiver of Lanai Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanai Ranch, lo-
cated on the island of Lanai, comprising 11,500
acres more or less in fee simple, and leases of 48,-
-i 640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800.
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all Id good re*
I pair, with < terns, wooished and cress, and a
; flo?k of 24,000 sheep. 650 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. .'
'1 he lan i s are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 bead of cattle. As a sheep run it is
the most valuable on the islands. The lands now
I owned and controlled by present owners virtually
controi the entire is and o Lanai.
There are rich grasses suitable for breed Ins; and
fattening of stock, and are entirely tree from lan-
tana; ' there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
Island. ■■"■ ■■■■'■-
Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. .
A map showing all the lands controlled by tbe
•state and a ailed schedule of the property to
De sold can he seen and further particulars ran be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco. ■ •
Terms of sale will De cash in United States gold
coin. ,. - •■■ -.
Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
P. C. JONE^. Receiver.
MAKKIAOK LICENSES.
* The following marriage licen»oi were issued by
the Cou my Clerk's office yesterday: :
John Strom and Wilhelmina a nderson, 34— 32.
• James J. Burns ana Lizzie C. Gall a -her. 32—22.
• Albert T. Pur ly and Lulu Harris. 22—21.
Eugene A. Laffertyand Gertrude *cmi: us, 23— 22.
' Henry Levy and Elsie, 1.. Cook, 33—19.
■ Olaf B. Hedstrom and Clara pson, 34—29.' •
I Oscar Rash and Emily Zulger, 27—23.
H. S. Lin nell «nd Bertha M. C. Billings. 24—
E. B. schnaub -It and Anna K. Jordan, 88—26.
• Charles Alt and Seipel, 23—19.
• - Willis J. D. Yoanir and Helen (ireville, 27—21. '
— MIRIAMS—
' (Birth, marnaca an I death notices sent by -nv'
will . not ,b« . inserted. They must be banded la a;
either of, the publication .offices ■ and .be lndoraal-
with the oaam and resldeitce of persons authoriz*
to have the ituuu published.] ; .
BOKN. . .
GANDER— In this' city. "June 26, 1896, to the
: wife of Charles Gander, a daughter.
• UNKEN"— rn this city, June 25, 1896, to the wife
of Charles Linkeu, a son. - :-,
UNSWORTH— In this city, rune 36, 1896, to th»
wife of G. G. Uii-uvor;h. a daughter- •'i ■■* ?' ' i
MAKKIBD.
CLINE— MCCARTHY— In this city. June 25,
1896, by the [lev. Father Flood, Thomas Henry
f Cline and May McCarthy, both or San Francisco.
LINNELL— BILLINGS— In this I city, June 25,
1898, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D., Henry
S. Llnneil : ana Ikr.hu M. Cnpp'es Billings, both
"of San Francisco.
MATTHIs— SPENCER-In this cltv, June 22,
1896, by Frank H. Kerrigan. Justice of the
Peace, LswU Matthis and Belle A. Spencer,
both of .-an Francisco.
SWAN— SCHNEIDER— in Oakland, June 24,
i IBM, by the Rev. J. K. Bushnell. D.D., John
Swan and Annie Marian Schneider.
THOMAS-O'NEIL— In this city. June 24. 1896,
br the Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D., Beriram A. .
Thomas and Mamie O'Neil, both of tan Fran-
cisco.
DIED.
Ahrens. Frederlka A. Kauffmnnn, John A.
Biebesbelraer, Peter- Mc(<oniKle. Dennis
Kurbank. Apniie R. McMain. James
Carlton, Sophie E. McPhfle»na\\ Edward
Ehrhnrt. Anna J. Mlngham. Rob' H.
. Farrell, E:la A. Near.-, Howard L.
Farrell, George O'Brien. Catherine
Fernandas. Father M.F. Pyno. Mary L. ' /
Flood. Bridget . Quinn. Mm. Bridget
Franke. Mary E. Scheifler. Frank
Fi>-i.llaire, William J. Phaughnessv, L. E.
Harris, George D. Strelb. William
Houlehan, Thomas Walter. Elizabeth A.
AHRENS— In this city. June 26.1895. Frederlka
Augusta, only and beloved child of Wilktn and
Augusta Ahrens, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 27 days.
BIEBEHHEIMER— m this city. June 26, 1896,
Peter Blebeshelmer, beloved husband of Magda*
lene Riebesheimer, and father of uustavv
George, and Julius -Biebeshelmer, a native of
Germany, aired 68 years 1 month and 14 days.
A member of Madrono Grove No. 21. U. A. O. D.,
Santa Cruz. f.?anta Cma paoers please copy.]
aß"Frieii'li aud acquaintances and . mem-
bers of the U. A. O. D. are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock r. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1021 Filbert street, thence to 413 Sutter
street, where the services will be held under the
ansplces of San Francisco Grove No. 8, U. A. O.
D., commencing at 'i o'clock p. m. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BURBANK— this city, June 24. 1898, Apphie
R. Burbank, a native of South Paris, Me., aged
70 years, 8 months and 12 days. . • .
' «?*Frleuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
d ence, Tomales, M»rin County, Cal.
CARLTON"— In Berkeley, June 25, 1896, "Sophie
E. Carltou, a native of Canada, aged 46 years.
EHRHART-In this city, June 25. 1896, Anna
Josephine Ehrhart, a native of San Francisco,
Cal., aged 4 years 3 months and 11 fiuvs. -
FARRELL— In this city, June 25, 1896. Ella A.,
beloved daughter of the late T. A. and Kllea
' Farrell, and sister of Martha, Charles. J. H.. T.
A., Frank and George Karrell and Mrs. Louis
Traung, a native of San Francisco.
'fftTFriena-i and acaunlmancM »r» r^sivv.-
fully invited to atlnnd the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 169 Perry street, thence to St Roso's
Church, ; where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose ot her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. si. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ■ . .
FARRELL— In this city, June 26, 1896. George
r'arr*ll, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
FERNANDES-In Oakland, June 2s, 1 896, Father
Manuel F. . Fernandes. pastor or St. Joseph's
Portuguese Church, a native of Portugal, aged
46 years 6 months and 6 days.
.J9S-The funeral will take Dlace MONDAY,
June 29, at 10 o'clock a. m., from SU Joseph's
Ponugnese'Church, Chestnut street, between
Seventh and IClghth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
souL Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FLOOD— this city, June 26, 1898. Bridget
Flood, a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS day
(Saturday), at 7:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 121 Ivy avenue, tuence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner streets,
■ where a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of her soul, commencing
at 8 o'clock a. m. Interment Benicia Cemetery.
FRANKE-ln this city, June 26, 1896, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Otto George Franke,
a native of Ireland, ag?d 35 years.
UTS" Friends and acquaintances - are - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 ■ o'clock c. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth, interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FRET! IRK— In this city, June 21, 1898,
William James Fretillalre, father of Louise
Fretillaire, a native of San Francisco, aged 42
years. ' . .
O~ Friends and acquaintances and officers and
members of the San Francisco Ship-calkers'
Association are respectfully invited without fur-
ther notice to attend his funeral services
TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. at the
chapel of Craig, Cochran «ft Co., 22 and 28 Mint
avenue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HARRlS— irfthts city. June 25, 1896, George D..
beloved husband of race Harris, and youngest
son of George P. and Martha Harris, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 31 years 8 months and 7 days.
Kg" Friends and acquaintances »r<» r'^t-
fully invite! to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at '2 o'clock P. it., from B'nal B'riih
Hall, 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. .
HOULEHAN— In the City and County Hospital,
June 26. 1893, Thomas Houlehan, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 24 years.
KAUFFMANN-In this city, June 25, 1896. John
A. Kauffmann, beloved son of Sebastian and
- Mary Kauffmann, and brother of Annie, Sebas-
tian and Mary Josephine Kauffmnnn, a native of
Ban Francisco, Cal., a::ed 14 years and 1 day.
tO~ Friend and acquaintance) urn re»D9Ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at :30 o'clock a. m. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1414 Alabama street,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army street,
between Shotwcll and Folsom, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McUONIGLE— In Oakland, June 26, 1896, Dennis
McGonlgie, beloved brother-in-law of John,
Campbell, a native of County Derry, Ireland,
aged 60 years.
McMAlN— In the City, and County Hospital,
June 26, 1895. James McMain, aged 53 years.
McPHELEMAY— In this city. June 25, 1896, Ed-
' ward McPnelemay, a native of Ireland.
MINGHAM— In this city. June 25. 1*96. Robert
11.. beloved husband or Mary Mlngham, father of
Carrie. Ella, Maria. Robert, Charley, Frank and
Joseph Minsham, son of Mrs- Maria Sherman,
and son-in-law of Mrs. Catherine Clements, a na-
tive of New York City, a?>>d 46 years, Virginia
. City (Nev.) papers please copy.J . ■
43~Frlends an 1 acquaintance* nr> rmnw-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1" o'clock m.. from his late resi-
dence, 317 Lombard street, thence to St. Francis)
Church, Vallejo street, for services at 12:80
o'clocit P. H. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEARY— In this city. June 25,1898. Howard I*,
beloved and only child of John and Acnes Neary,
a native of San Franolacn, a»ed 2 years and 8
months. . ' - -. ■
jK^Friends unit acquaint ar* r<*r»%e'-
fully invited to" attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Sunday), at 10:80 o'clock a. m.. from the resi- .
dence of the parents, 9 'Si/h Valencia street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 25, 1896. Catherine,
beloved wife of Charles O'Brien, and mother of
John J., Katie, Frank, Joseph, Annie, Ray,
Mamie and Charles O'Brien, a native of Dublin,
. Ireland, aged 52 years.
Frlenas ana acquaintance* art r»*D*s>
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 123 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem • high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PY NE— ln this city June 26. 1896. 'MarY Lynch
Pyne, dearly - beloved wife of Robert Pyne. and
voted mother of Mrs. John Shinkwin, John,
Robert, Daniel. Augustus, Lizzie and Julia Pyne,
a native of the parish of Cannovee, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 54 rears.
- • jg£3~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
QUINN— In this city, June ' 26, 1896, at Our
Ladies' Home, Mrs. Bridget Quinn, a native oi
County Mayo, Ireland. a*ed 83 years.
SCHEIFLKR— In West Berkeley. June 31, 1896,
' Frank Schelfler, beloved husband of the late
Lilly Scheifler. and father of Augusta L. and
Frank J. Scheifler, a native of Austria, aged 36
- years. ■■■ '. . ■-. ...■'.
AT" Friends and acquaintance* ar« r»*neot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
■ (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from Red Men's '
Hall, 51b Bash street, where the funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Eureka Lodge
No. 6, O. d. H. S. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. June 25, 1890,
I Loretta E., beloved daughter of Michael F. and
Mary Shaughoessy, a native of Oakland, aged 6
years 7 mun aud 20 days. ,
j(G9" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to at to ml the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. *.. from the residence
of Mar in Shaughn \ssy. corner Thirtieth and
Chenery streets. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
" ' tery.
BTREIB— In this city, June 24, 1896. William
Strelo, a native of Germany, a* ed 53 years.
WALTER— In this city. June 25. 1896, Elizabeth
A., beloved '. daughter of Jacob and Elizabeth
Walter, and Ulster of ,\Vi;lie. Annie and Entitle
Waller, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
and 6 months and 25 days.
• 49TFrlendj and acquaintance* am re*D9C/-
full.-invi ed to attend the. funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at .'o'clock p. it., from the resldenos
of her. parents, 1317 Natoma street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. - Interment I. O. O. F.
( met'-ry. ■■ : •'
tV.cAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
X Knights of Pythias, Improved - Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Mateo County: nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. In no skxskxxclusivk;
perpkct title, QL'ABAKIKED; location unex-
celled.-.-. ,:■:.' ■■'■ - . - <■■ ■■•■
Please call at office, 997 Market St., before select-
ing burial place elsewhere,
1516
MYRIAD KISSES
MEANT NOTHING.
Baldwin Says His Oscilla
tory Desires Did Not
Denote Love.
HIS HEART UNTOUCHED.
The Hoary-Headed Defendant
Says Lillian Made No Im
pression on Him.
HE DID NOT CACTTIOH HER.
Miss Ashley's Alleged Betrayer Says
He Was Under No Duty to Warn
Her to Cease Writing.
E. J. Baldwin is not sensitive; neither is
he impatient. Attorney Crittenden drove
question after question at the aged de
fendant that would make an ordinary man
cringe or swear, and Baldwin sat most of
the day with a cynical smile on his face,
and attempted to evade direct answers
with the skill of an experienced barrister.
Then the ardent missives, already intro
duced in the case, were brought forward,
and the tender passages were subjected to
the searching scrutiny of a vigorous cross
examination. And just when the most
passionate declarations were under dis
cussion Crittenden would refer to the de
fendant's sixty-eight years and then ask
him if he had shown that letter to his
wife. And never once did the old man
show, except by evading questions, that
there was aught'about tbe proceeding that
was in anywise unpleasant.
The forenoon session of the court was
devoted to delving into the defendant's
career preliminary to the events directly
concerned in this case. After recounting
his business experiences from the time he
opened the Pacific Temperance House on
Pacific street in 1853 until he became
largely interested in "ranching, mining,
horse-raising, horse-racing, hotels and
various other things." an attempt was
made to have the defendant tell what
property he now owned. Baldwin's at
torneys objected and Judge SlacK, after
argument, decided that the witness could
be asked only in regard to property di
rectly involved in the case. Baldwin then
said, in answer to questions, that he
owned the Baldwin Hotel and Hotel OaK
wood.
More pven,tful epochs in Baldwin's ca
reer were then referred to, but Attorney
Crittenden was not allowed to question
the witness in regard to previous actions
similar to this one. His questions as to
the relations of the defendant with Verona
Baldwin, a relative, Miss McCormick and
Louise Perkins were ruled out on objec
tion.
The afternoon was mainly devoted to
questioning Baldwin in regard to the cor
respondence between him aftd Miss Ash
ley, and it was here that the plaintiffs
attorney got in his most telling blows.
Baldwin was combative at every step in
the proceedings and was as ready to take
advantage of a slip in the counsel's ques
tioning as Crittenden was to pierce the
armor of his testimony. A number of the
telegrams which have figured in the case
were shown him, but he said he could
not recollect whether he sent them or not.
The letter of February 17, 1892, of Bald
win to Miss Ashley, proved the most inter
esting under cross-examination. This is
the letter in which Baldwin says he had
forgotten her last name, as she always
signed her letters L. A. A. He goes on to
say tiat he had iost found by accident an j
old letter containing her name. "So here
I am, writing to my girl again, if I can call
yon mine." He speaks of his desire to
claim the thousand hugs and kisses which
he had been promised, and closes "with
love and kisses."
"Did you neaii all that when you wrote
it?' : asked Crittendeu.
Baldwin said that was some foolish re
mark he bad made in answer to something
she said. "1 had no reason to call her my
girl," he continued. "1 never spoke to
her about being my girl."
He was then asked in regard to a state
meirt in th? lettsr that he could not send
her mouey to go to-school with, as he was
hard up.
"Could yon not, as a matter of fact,"
asked the attorney, "have drawn your
check any day for $20,000?" Baldwin said
he coull not have done so any day, but
admitted the statement that he was hard
up was a mere excuse.
"You owned the Baldwin Hotel at that
time, didn't you?" was asked. The aged
defendant admitted that he did and also
admitted owning a large amount of other
property at that time. Crittenden asked
if he didn't own $5, 000,000 worth of prop
erty at that time, but to this question At
torneys Lloyd and Highton objected
simultaneously, and his Honor sustained
them.
Then the hugs and Kisses were again re
ferred to. "You say 'then lam coming
East to get those hugs and kisses you say
you will give me.' Did you mean that?"
asked Crittenden.
"i certainly wouldn't go East for that,"
was the response.
"But when you went there you expected
to cet the kisses?" suggested Crittenden.
Baldwin said he hardly expected so
many. He was then asked concerning a
reference to her having been bashful on a
previous occasion. He explained that
this was the occasion of his parting with
her at Boston.
"I put out my hands to kiss her and she
drew back. I was coing to kise ber just as
I would any one at parting," he said.
"You had only seen Miss Ashley at
Winchester, and then met her again at
Boston, rode about with her a little in a
carriaee and then rtrove to the depot. In
that short time had she made such an im
pression on your heart that you wanted to
kiss her?" asked Crittenden.
'".She never touched my heart at all,"
exclaimed the hoary gallant. "From her
NEW TO-DAY.
TageW
AND
bleeding
My little boy -was afflicted with Eczema In
acute form for a year, during which we tried
■without success every known remedy. The dis-
order appeared on the right cheek and was of a
oiisaery and bloody form. His pillow, mornings
would bear the bloody imprint of the side of his
face, while it was impossible to prevent him
from scratching his face owing to the itching.
Advised to try Cttticuiu, I bought a box. The
first application was made at night, and it in a
fact, that the appearance of the affected parts
showed a noticeable improvement the next morn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
my child has as fair and smooth skin as can be
found anywhere. .
W. 8. NEEDHAM, Pataskala, O.
' r Jj I 7; lyr fi CCRB Tma'tmewt. — Warm b«th« t with
, coticciu Soap, gt nde applications of Ccticdra (oint-
ment), the grett «kin care, and mild dotet of Cuticoba
Rksolvekt, gnatett of humor cure..
Sold throughout the world. Price, Ccnoc**. Me.i
«3" " How to Cure £wr.y gkin IMttt&t." mailed Aim. '
letters I iust thought she would be easily
kissed, liiat was aIL "
"You did have a desire to see Miss |
Asblev when you went to Boston, then?" |
''I had a curiosity to see the woman
who had been writing to me for a couple
of years."
In answer to further questions he said
he made no attempt to kiss her until they
reached the depot. "The cars were a bad
place to do it," he said, "and the window
of the carriage was open. I never thought
of it until I went to leave her. I would
kiss any one on leaving."
Then" Crittenden turned on the can
nister. "Mr. Baldwin," he asked, sten
toriously, "you had this bashful girl in
your mind, did you not, when you asked
her to meet you alone in a city where you
were going with racehorses?"
"I asked her to meet me there," was the
answer.
"Did you ask her to meet you there
alone?" insisted Crittenden.
"I thought from her letters," was the
answer, "I could meet her alone in Chi
cago or any other place."
Baldwin's purpose in requesting Miss
Ashley to destroy his letters after reading
was then gone into', but no satisfactory
explanation was adduced. Crittenden
asked Baldwin if he thought the letter
wherein he asked her to meet him in Chi
cago was the kind of letter he would
think proper for the father of the young
lady receiving it to see. Objections by
Lloyd and Highton saved Baldwin from
answering.
"Then j r ou went on to say," said Critten
den, " 'I think you are just as nice as you
can De.' Did you think so?"
Baldwin said he didn't think so, but she
had been writing like that to him and he
thought he ought to respond in kind.
"Do you send love and kisses to women
whom you do not care for?" defendant
was asked.
"I have done so."
"And you a married man?"
"Yes, sir. I thought I could write most
anything to a young woman who wrote to
a married man, as she did to me."
"You were such a Bober man," said
Crittenden, sarcastically, "and had been
so long married that you at once sat down
and wrote to her that you thought it was
very improper to do so.
"Have you any such letter?" asked
Baldwin, a little* testily, and every one,
including the plaintiff, laughed.
At 5 o'clock the plaintiff was still being
called upon to elucidate his epistles, when
Judge Slack was called away to attend the
Grand Jury. He adjourned the case until
10 o'clock this morning.
TELEPHONE SYSTEMS.
Methods of Establishing Tele
phone Companies
Exploited.
What the New York Advertiser of
May 14 Has to Say on the
Subject.
Regarding the establishment of new
telephone systems the New York Adver
tiser of May 14 says :
"Several ways and means have been dis
covered for making and losing money by
phones since the expiration of the funda
mental telephone patents. One way is to
start a large and imposing concern with
nominal capital enough to run the United
States, acquire a few obscure detail patents
and then sell stock and 'State rights' to
credulous investors. Another is to start
a local company and pat in a plant
bought from one of the various telephone
construction companies that have blos
somed forth trom electric-beil makers' es
tablishments during the last year or two.
Stil 1 another is to organise one of these
construction companies and trade on the
inexperience and lack of technical knowl
edge of the managers of the new telephone
companies by supplying them with phones
and materials of the quality and design of
the year 1880. A few men get together
and organize, maKing themselves presi
dent, manager, and so on. The business of
their lifetime may have been medicine,
law, livery stables or groceries, but with
the few thousand dollars they and their
friends have got together they purchase a
telephone plant from one of the various
mushroom construction companies that
have appeared in anticipation of just such
customers. By appealing to popular sen
timent against monopolies and to the love
of cheapness, and by abstaining from any
thing in the nature of a signed contract,
they secure a number of "subscribers" — {
that is, persons willing to allow them to
put phones in their houses and to make
verbal agreenient to pay $1 50 or $2 a month
for the service. The wires and cables are
strung; the phones put in place (generally
by inefficient linemen unable to
keep a regular job); the central is
fitted up, and then the troubles j
bej;in. Ihe wires won't work, the
switchboard won't switch, the phones
won't talk, and of course the people won't
pay. The worthy president and general j
manager are helpless, and the only thing
they can do is to send for an expert of the
construction company that has already
victimized them, who proceeds to suggest
alterations and additions involving more
outlay. This is the history of several
small telephone companies in towns not
very distant from New York, and of many J
in Western States. Those who without '
technical experience or training embark \
in telephone enterprises to-day are simply j
setting out from the point that the estab- |
lished concerns started from when the |
telephone was a novelty. Their money, 1
or the money intrusted to them, will be i
sunk in trials and experiments and in ac- !
quiring the experience and knowledge of '
the business, which, so far, remains the
monopoly of the old companies."
There ia food for reflection in the fore
going.
CLERKS' OUTING.
They Will Seek Glen Ellen and Revel
in Various Diversions.
The retail clerks of San Francisco will
hold a picnic to-ruorrow at Glen Ellen,
half of the profits accruing therefrom to
go to help the survivors of the Fifth
street disaster.
The arrangements are specially elabo
rate and promise an enjoyable time foi
all who attend. There will be a bicycle
given away among the gate prizes. The
employes of J. J. O'Brien. Hale Bros.,
O'Connor & Moffatt and the White House
will compete in a tug of war, refereed by
J. W. Wyckoff of the Emporium. Other
prizes are :
An order on Beamish for one sweater for
boys under 16.
Girls' race, an order on the caody stand of
Emporium for a box of French cream candies.
An order for a pocketbook from Sanborn,
Vail <fc Co. for the young ladies' race.
Single man's race, one set of cuff and collar
boxes from the Japanese department of the
Emporium.
Special race of San Francisco Call, subscrip
tion to Call for one year.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell has given one silver cup,
finely engraved, for a special race; also an in
vitation 10 all the comers to this picnic to visit
his rancn.
The fat man's race, an elegant smoking set,
the very latest from Paris.
Murried ladies' race, an order for a large
photo, which was kindly donated by the Globe
Portrait Company, good for any time party
presents her photo.
The following ladies and gentlemen have
been selected to act on different com
mittees:
H. Friedlander, B. P. McDonough, D. J. Shee
han, J. Adler, M. J. Gildea, W. Hall, Frank
Condon, \V. J. Ahem, G. E. Ross, MiKon Hart, /
Miss Rusie Jacobs, Miss Alice Edwards, Miss
Page, L. Kuttner, J. Backman, Miss A. M.
Laurie, Miss Blaney, Miss Lulu Pyat, Martin
Erlenbach, A. H. Grossman, John Hammer,
Clark Miner, Miss Maud Levy, C. Clancy.
Free Speech and judicial tyranny are the
subjects of a stinging article in to-day's issue
of Barry 'b Star. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896.
SLOCAN REGION
RICH IN SILVER
A Most Promising Mining
District in British
Columbia.
AMERICANS IN CONTROL
Tributary to Spokane and a
Direct Benefit to This
Country.
BIG GAME AND TROUT ABOUND.
Remarkably Productive Veins Cover
ing a Large Area — 10,000
Miners at Work.
The comparatively new mining region of
the Slocan district in West Kootenay,
British Columbia, promises to be one of
Fred T. Kelly, Who Is Enthusiastic Over the Silver Mines of the Slocan Dis
trict in British Columbia, 220 Miles North of Spokane, Wash.
I the richest silver fields in America and its j
("natural outlet is through Spokane, so that |
the United States will derive most of the j
benefit of its development.
Fred T. Kelly, who has been in that
country during the four years that its {
resources have been Known, is at the
• Palace on a visit in search of a little city
! excitement after staying for months in a
town called Sandon. It was built last fall
I on the snow and now ha? a populatian of
j 700 with full expectations of 2000 before
next September.
"The average payroll dumped into that
town is between $75,000 and $100,000 a
month," said Mr. Kelly. "This last win
ter we had twenty-three paying mines
round our camp, and all within two or
I three miles of it. Tliere are others com
-1 ing to the front every day. Tins winter
| will see the number of dividend-producers
i doubled.
"What is better 90 per cent of all the
mining properties is owned by Ameri
i cans. They control the best mines.
"British Columbia laws are very favor-
I able to miners; much more favorable than
i our own. Then there can be no labor
I troubles or strikes. The Government will
not allow them.
"Everybody connected with a mine or
engaged in minine there has to pay a
Government tax of $5 a year.
"The mineral belt of this district is
about 8 or 10 miles wide by 50 or 60 miles
long. It is a very rugged, mountainous
country, the hillsides being at an angle of
45 decrees. There are no farms. It is
strictly a mining country.
"The winters are not severe, although
It is pretty far north. The average temper
ature during the cold season is 10 degrees
above zero, but it is so high and dry that
you do not mind it. In winter there is
plently of snow — between fifteen and
twenty feet.
"It is the finest trout fishing country in
the world. The lakes and streams are full
of fish, and there is any amount of grizzly
and black bear. Down by the lakes there
are deer, and in the mountains there are
carriboo.
"There is plenty of water power. Most
all the mills are operated that way.
"I have bought the machinery for an
electric plant that niy partner and I in
tend to have in operation in Sandow within
the next sixty days. It will be run by
water power.
"About 100 miles south of the Slocan dis
trict is the Trail Creek country, which is
100 miles north of the international
boundary line. It is a large gold and
copper country. The ores there average
about $50 goid and from 7 to 12 per cent
copper. That region has developed in the
last year more even than the Slocan
country, because everybody is looking
for gold.
"Rossland a town of 3000 people, is the
center of the Trail Creek district. In time
it must equal Butt?, Mont, as the ledges
are very large and strong, and are im
proving both in richness of ore and size of
leads as the mines are deepened.
"There are numerous other mining
camps in British Columbia adjacent to the
Slocan country and Trail Creek district,
and they are all corning to the front fast
In the two large districts tliere must be
10,000 miners at work, most of them from
Spokane and Montana.
"The Slocan Star mine is the greatest
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
tonnage- producing silver mine in the
country. It turns out about 200 tons a day
now, and when the mill and concentrator
recently built are in full operation I have
no doubt the product will be thi^e tar
loads a day. «
"But the Rico mine is the riche?t silver
producing property in the Northwest, and,
perhaps, in all America. Two carloads
turned out of that mine netted $17,070, and
the average is about $300 a ton, taking first
and second class ores. The mine is now
paying about $100,000 a year. It will take
five years to mine out the ore in sight in
the Rico without developing any new
veins."
THE KUHLMAN CASE.
Judge Wallace Sends It to the Supreme
Court for DecUion.
The Dr. C. Q. Kuhlman-Coroner Hawk
ins imbroglio will now go before the Su
preme Court. The case was up before
Judge Wallace yesterday, and he techni
cally decided in favor of the Coroner, but
it was with the understanding that the
matter was to go before the higher tribu
nal that his jurisdiction in the case might
be denned.
Coroner Hawkins committed Dr. Kuhl
man to the County Jail for ten days for
contempt for refusing to be sworn in the
Sonderup inquest. The physician pro
cured a writ of habeas corpus, made re
turnable before Judge \\aliace. The lat
ter was not sure of his position in the
matter, the law being rather mixed.
It seems that under the old law of 1872
matters of this sort pertaining to the Coro
ner of San Francisco must be referred to
the old County Court, which court was
abolished by the law of 1880, its power be
ing superseded by the present Superior
Court. However, as the law of 1872 pro
vided only for,the Coroner of San Fran
cisco, Judge Wallace looks upon it as
special legislation, and as such is not sure
of his jurisdiction. The matter will, there-
fore, go before the Supreme Court on a
writ of habeas corpus.
Should the Supreme Court decide that
the Superior Court is without jurisdiction,
Coroner Hawkins will still have recourse
to the Penal Code, which defines the
powers of all coroners in the State.
RAILROAD MEN MULCTED
Employes of the San Mateo Line
Lose Their Guarantee
Deposits.
Judge Seawell Decides They Must
Take the Same Chance as the
Bondholders.
When the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railroad was recently sold, Judge Soawell
ordered that $20,0U0 be left in the hands of
the receiver to meet incidental expenses.
Ivor Jones brought suit asking that he be
allowed $1075 out of this money on claims
assigned him by forty-three employes of
the railroad who when they were engaged
were each required to place in the hands
of the company $25 as a guarantee for the
faithful performance of their duties.
Jones asked that the money be paid be
fore the bondholders of the company were
paid anything. Judge Seawell, however,
refused to allow this, saying:
I do not think I have any power to grant
any relief to the petitioner/lvor Jones. The
record and all proceedings in the case are be
fore me on the hearing of this application. It
appears therefrom that the sum of $20,000
mentioned in the petition is not retained for
the purpose of paying generally such claims
as have prior equity to those of the bond
holders, but only to protect the receiver
against any contingent claims for which he
may be hereafter adjudged to be liable and in
curred by him while he was acting as receiver.
In all other respects the proceeds of the sale
of the road and its appurtenances have been
fully disposed of by the final decree. The
effect oi grunting the application would be to
alter the decree already entered, in an im
portant particular, a nrl I do not think I have
any power to grant the relief prayed, either in
the manner proposed or by petition, unless
the decree be first set aside or modified. Until
that is done the proceeds of sale must be dis
tributed as required by the decree. It is
scarcely necessary to say that uoiie of the
claims assigned to Mr. Jones were incurred by
the receiver as an expense of the receivership.
As to whether the claim of Mr. Jones is of a
character to entitle him to a preierence over
the bondholders, I express no opinion. The
application of Mr. Jones is therefore denied.
Police Court Sentences.
Daniel Donohoe, a waiter, was yesterday
sentenced to six months' imprisonment in the
County Jail by Police Judge Conlan for com
mitting an assault upon a girl 10 years of age.
Maggie Mitchell, a proiessional shoplifter,
was before Police Judge Campbell yesterday
for sentence for stealing a lot of fcoods from
the Emporium. She was fined $150, with the
alternative of 150 days in the County Jail.
Several days ago oergeant Harper and posse
arrested forty-five Chinese gamblers in China
town, who were playing the new game of pi
gow. Yesterday Police Judge Conlan fined
the gamekeeper $250 and the forty-four visi
tors $100 each. The case will be appealed, as
the Chinese claim that pi gow is not a gam
bling game.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
SATUR^AYSPECIALS
The TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE at which eveythingr is being forced
out during the Great Clearance Sale now in progress enables us to offer
our Saturday patrons the following and many other
EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTIONS!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
HANDKERCHIEFS.
At 5 Cents.
600 dozen PLAIN WHITE : AND FAST
COLORED BORDER HEMMED AND
HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regularly sold at $1 20 per
dozen, will be offered at sc.
NECKWEAR.
At 25 Cents.
220 dozen LADIES' AND GENTS' TECK
SCARFS AND GRADUATED j?OUR-
IN HANDS, in a large assortment of
stylish patterns, regular price 50c, will
be placed on sale at 25c.
At 35 Cents.
150 dozen LATEST STYLE TECK AND
FOUR-IN-HAND SCARFS, in a vari-
ety of neat patterns, regular price 75c,
will be placed on sale at 35c.
OUTING SHIRTS.
At 35 Cents.
310 dozen CHEVIOT AND MADRAS
OVERSHIRTS, in plaids, vertical and
horizontal stripes, made with yoke
and guaranteed perfect fitting, regular
price 65c, will be offered at 35c.
. HOSISBY! HOSIERY!
At 15 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON
HOSE, fine gauge, high-spliced heels
and toes, onyx fast black, regular
price 25c, reduced to 15c a pair.
At 20 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' COTTON HOSE, dropstitch,
black boot and colored top combina-
tions, spliced heels and toes, regular
price $4 per dozen, reduced to 20c a
pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED MACO
COTTON HOSE, double knees, heels
and toes, black and dark tan shades,
regular price 35c, reduced to 25c a pair.
LUnoJCiib! lUiUjMij!
At $1.00.
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS,
extra long waist, two side steels on
each side, made with patent loop
eyelets, guaranteed perfect fitting,
regular price $1 50, reduced to $1.
l/Uf Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
(ilfotbers in Qualify;
further claim — rbey are
1 made id California
A/EUSTADTE* BROS. Arfrs.
HURRAH
FOB THE
FOURTH
From Now on Up to JULY 4, '96, We
Will Give With Each Purchase of a .
BOY'S SUIT
At Either of Our Stores, a Box of
FIREWORKS
FREE.
Composed of the following: 3 packages Crackers,
1 Ruby Light. 1 Sparklinir Bomb, 1 slower Pot, 1
Red Gem, 1 Young America Salute, 1 Miniature
Red Torch. 1 Trolley Wheel, 1 Yellow Jacket, 1
Bee Hive, 1 box Red Fire, 3 Pin Wheels, 3 Blue
Lights, -1 package Torpedoes, 1 Pistol, 1 dozen
packages Caps, 1 Volcano, 1 Sky Rocket, 3 One-
ball Candles, 2 pieces punk.
THE OLD I X L,
L. V. MERLE, Proprietor.
-.■'■■. ■."..-" .- ■ . . ■-.-;■ ■ -- ■'.
616 to 620 Kearny.: Street, 646 Sacra-
mento Street, 647 and 649 Commer-
cial Street; - also .Branch Store, 45
and 47 Sixth 'Street,*' corner Mission.
! --*--■■••- -•-■ - ■ •■■■■■■•-■■■ ■■ ;
WEDDING
Invitations. Announcements, Cards. e*c. Engraved
ana Printed. Correct style, low rates. .20 samples
and directions for correct form, modern weddings
maUedpostpald for 10 cents In stamps, t BRUNt!
Fink Pbistino, 635 Clay St.. San Francisco. Call
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mini, 100 mnd 102 Finn St.. San
i rancisco, Cal — most ; select family hot* la j
the city. - Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 51) Par |
day, according 10 room. • Meals 25a .»• Booms, ■ <>Ja >-
and 760 a day. , ■ free coach to and from ths notol. .
look, for the coacu bearing the ■ name ot lbs Oo*.
mopoiiiaii Howl. WAL i'AiiiiY, t»ropri«K»Si
_ ;
When ordering please mention <?*t.t., . |
HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 2% Cents Each.
300 dozen MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S
WHITE AND COLORED BORDERED
HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regular price 60c per dozen.
LACES! LACES! LACES!
At 7}4 Cents a Yard.
BUTTER AND LINEN SHADE IMITA-
TION BATISTE INSERTION, 2
inches wide, regular pnee 15c.
VEILING ! VEILING !
At 25 Cents Each.
BRUSSELS NET BORDERED VEIL-
ING, embroidered white, in black,
navy and brown, regular price 65c
At 50c, 65c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 Hach.
BUTTER-APPLIQUE BORDERED
WASHED VEILS, in a large variety
of patterns.
NECKWEAR ! _ NECKWEAR !
Special sale of LACE COLLARETTES,
FRONTS, PLASTRONS, RUFFLES,
JABOTS, COLLARS, ETC., at greatly
reduced prices.
MUSLIN UPERWEAR!
At 25 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' CORSET COVERS,
perfect fit, V-shape, edged with em-
broidery, will be offered at 25c each.
At 25 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of
heavy muslin, yoke band, finished
with tucks and embroidery, will be
offered at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, yoke of fine
tucks, lined back, good inualin, will
be offered at 50c each.
ml* Murphy Building, j
Martot aii Jones Streets.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
Fire Insurance Company
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1895, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
lions 610 and 611 of the Political fodp. condena-d
as per blank furnished oy the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash f 500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ... $258,014 31
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,101,254 13
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 789,916 66
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 55,200 00
Cash in Company's Office 11,552 84
Cashin Banks 76,383 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 624 90
Interest duo and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,695 79
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 91,616 51
Kents due and accrued 1,105 65
Ground Kents well secured 6,320 00
Total assets >2,409,584 63
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $19,553 07
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 122,549 85
Lonsi-s resistod, including expenses. 28,128 19
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks, rnn-
ning one year or less, $957,-
-219 08, reinsurance 50 percent. 478,609 54
Gross premiums on Fire Kisk.i run-
ning more than one year, $800,-
-217 11, reinsurance pro rata 374,248 41
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 663,632 17
Com missions and Brokerage due and
tobecomeaue 13,742 41 I
Total liabilities $1, 600,466 64
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $1,184,164 07
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 59,485 06
Received lor interest and dividpnds
on Bonds, stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 41,077 66
Received for net Perpetual Pre-
miums. 5,192 92 j
Received from all other sources 8,921 05 '
Total income $1,298,840 76 !
EXPENDITURES.
Set amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including *206,392 31 losses of
previous years) • 5826.672 70
Dividends to Stockholders 27,500 00
PhM or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 213,185 64
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . 103,750 00
Paid for :sia:e, National and local
, taxes 32,093 97
All other Payments and expendi-
tures. 100.993 06
Total expenditures f 1,304,195 37
Fire Losses incurred
during the year $790,514 50
BISKS AND PBK-
MIUMS. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written dur-
ing the year. I $114,799,048 $1,460,028 76
Net amount of.
Risks expired dur-
ing tue yenr 126,392,100 1,637,226 67
Net amount in
for>-" December
ai. 1896 146,568,897 1,847,436 19
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHARD MARIS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day
of January, 1896. *
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-9 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FJBANCISCO.
GLOVES ! GLOVES !
At 65 Cents.
I 2000 pairs 4-BUTTON ! KID GLOVES
> (black embroidered back), in white,
regular value $1, will be closed out at
65c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1800 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan shades, also
black, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1500 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES,
in dark and medium colors, also black,
regular value $1 25, will be offered at
75c a pair.
At 80 Cents.
1200 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES (large buttons), in
red, tan, navy and brown colors, also
black, regular value ?1 25, will be
closed out at 80c a pair. ;
DRESDEN_GIBBONS!
At 20 Cents.
3-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIB-
BONS, assorted patterns, will be offered
at 20c.
At 25 Cents.
3^-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIB-
BONS, assorted patterns, will ba offered
at 25c.
At 30 Cents.
4-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS,
in new shades, assorted patterns, will
be offered at 30c.
CAERIAGEJAEASOLS!
At $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria silk,
lined, will be offered at $1.
uti/ Murphy Building, Jf
Market and Jones Streets. ■
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
Fire and Life Insurance Company
OF GOTHENBTJBO, SWEDEN, OX THE 31ST
\J day of December. A. D. 1895. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Co-
mmissioner of ih " male of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Fo-
litital Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
iucaah 533,333 83
ASSETS. ~~~ '
Real estate owned by company $ 742, 5 S3 33
Loans on bond and mortgage 1,999,944 77
Cash market value of all stocks and .
oonds owned by company 1,607,313 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 782,553 46
Cash in company's office 3,682 3.2
Cash in banks.... 230,666 67
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 69,466 78
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 39,204 64
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 148,693 S3
Due from other companies 218,363 73
Total assets™ $5, 802,456 88
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense... f 93,333 33
Gross premiums on fire risks run- 1
ning one year or less, reinsur- j '■ '
ance 50 per cent..... i .... .__ ,_
Gross premiums on fire risks run- f •*■»>•«» •>»
ning more than one year, rein-
surance pro rata J
Liability under life department.. ... 3,818,829 04
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,652 80
All other demands against the com-
pany ;.-... 228,235 41
Total liabilities. $4,568,451 18
INCOME. ,
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums: $1,169,325 19
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources. 414,389 65
Received for life insurance pre-
miums 559.947 39
Total income. $2,143,662 23
EXPENDITURES.
I Net amount paid for fire losses ..... $583,502 59
I Dividends to stockholders.. ..: 32,000 00
i Paid or allowed for commission or
! brokerage 315,049 64
I Paid for salaries, . fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc, ... 157,556 59
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,035,982 67
Total expenditures. 184,091 49
j bisks 4 premiums. j Fire Risks. Fremiums.
Net amount of risKs
written during the)
year................ $363,521,590 $1,659,334 51
Net amount of . risks
: expired during the •
year. 171,874,582 747,924 61
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895. 161,354,999 421,400 58
T.ED LEVISSON, Vice-President.
' M. Oi,BERS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Bth day
of April, 1896.
GUDM. A KERM ARK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
4 07-409 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FKANCISCO:
■t^ll^Vnil^re Tnri At. Pimple«, Copper^B
hHAVC IUU colored Spots, Acte..OM»wJ|
■Ulcers in Mouth, Hatr-KaJlingl Write COOKESI
|S|KJGMEI>Y CO., 807 Masonic T«mpleM
■Chicago, 111., tar proof* of cure*. CapHCI
{■tiki, 95500.000. Worst cases cured in 15S|
flip 35 days. 100-page boofc. free.