VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 119.
PURSUING THE
REBEL LEADERS.
Several Columns of Spanish
Troops Are Moving
Westward.
_
INSURGENTS NOT IDLE.
_
They Attack the Fort at Pinar
del Rio and Destroy Much
Property.
WAS THE BERMUDA LOST?;
There Is Yet Considerable Doubt Con- \
cerning the Reported Sinking of
Vessel.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 27.— The news ;
received from the western province (Pinar
del Rio) is meager. Several columns of
Government troops are pursuing Maceo :
and other rehel leaders, who are said to be !
moving westward. The insurgents have !
attacked the fort at Pinar del Rio city and j
sre destroying a great deal of property, j
The troops have been ordered to prevent
the return of Maceo to the Havana j
province.
Captain-General Weyler has issued an |
order declaring that inasmuch as the I
The Filibuster Steamer Bermuda. Reported to Have Been Sunk by a Spanish
Warship While Carrying Men and Arms to Cuba.
rebels are eluding engagements with the
Government troops and are committing
arson and other crimes such bands will
hereafter be regarded as bandits and
treated in accordance with the captain
general's last decree relating to socn per
sons. The Government troops report the
capture of an insurgent camp in the
vicinity of Los Palos.
AO WORD FROM THE VESSEL.
Much Speculation Over the Alleged Sink
ing of the tiermuda.
NEW YORK, N. Y. March 27.— The
Herald this morning says locally: No
•word has been received by the Cuban
Junta in this city relative to a report re
cently circulated to the effect that the
Bermuda had been fired upon and sunn by
a Spanish warship and the Cubans genei
ally discredit the rumor. Several promi
nent leaders who were discussing the
Garcia expedition expressed their fears
that the report of the arrival of the Ber
muda was a mistake. They thought the
expedition which landed was another and
smaller one than that which sailed :n the
Bermuda.
One of the men who organized the ex
pedition said:
"We have received as yet no confirma
tion of the Bermuda's landing in Cuba,
nor can we reasonably expect it until her
captain reaches some port away from the
island, Kingston, Jamaica, for instance, or
Vera Cruz, Mexico, from which she can
cable us direct. It may be some days yet
before positive information reaches us,
but in the meantime it i» hard for us to
believe that she has landed on the north
coast of the island.
"When the Bermuda left the Jersey
coast a week ago last Tuesday she did not
follow the Atlantic coast line, but in ac
cordance with Captain O'Brien's plan
steamed straight to sea, laying a course
that would carry her several hundred
miles to the eastward of possible interfer
ence from either Spanish or United States
cruisers which were known to be on the
lookout for her.
"General Garcia and his party boarded
her off the Jersey coast from "a tug on
General Calixto Garcia, the Noted Cuban Patriot, Whose First Ineffectual Attempt
to Reach the Disturbed Island Was Made on the 111-Fated Steamer Hawkins.
With His Party He Was Placed Aboard the Bermuda From a Tug Off the
Jersey Coast.
The San Francisco Call.
Tuesday morning. ' After weighing anchor
the 12-pound rapid-fire Hotcbkiss gun was
I brought from the hold ; and mounted on
i deck as a protection against molestation
J from any of ; the small armed Spanish
launches which infest the Cuban coast.
• "The Bermuda's course would carry her.
j far to the southeast, Watlings Island lieht
! being the first land which Captain O'Brien
I expected to make. As General Garcia mi
i tended, to, take command >of the Depart
ment of the Orient there is every reason
i to believe > that the Bermuda's captain
j would try to land him near Santiago de
Cuba, or perhaps as far west as Camaguey.
It is hard for us to believe that Captain
O'Brien either changed his original plan
and ran down between, the Bahamas and
Florida, or that after reaching Inagua
Island he would sail west through the en
j tire length of the old Bahama Channel,
j thus running the risk of being intercepted
! by at least a dozen Spanish men-of-war.
"We have the greatest confidence in
Captain O'Brien's judgment and have
i little doubt that he has ere this safely
landed his party in Cuba, but hardly on
the north coast of Pinar del Rio."
?'- :> ' •■ "" y - : — : — * - -
MINISTERS ARK WORRIED.
i They Decide JVot to Interfere in the Com
' ing ', Election*.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 27, via Tampa,
i Fla., March 27. — Madrid cablegrams of to
j day refer to a meeting between Prime Min
| ister Canovas del Castillo and Senor
Romero v Robledo, ex-Minister of Grace
and Mercy. It is reported that following
the conference Senor Romero y Robledo
telegraphed to Havana that he would ab
■ stain from any intervention in the ap
proaching elections.- Yesterday's cable
grams from Madrid report that 'the
i autonomists of Puerto Rico have agreed to
; take no part in the approaching elections.
Senor Castellanos, Minister of the Colo
| nies, fears that the autonomists will like
i wise refuse to act. Senor Castellanos re
' grets the stand taken by the reform party,
i particularly because of the importance
] that may be attached to such action by
\ other nations.
i Much comment has been caused in
Madrid by the very weak denial given by
the official press to the report that General
Weyler will return to the Continent. El
Imparcial has published a notice of his
early return.
READY JFOR EMERGENCIES.
The Spanish Indignation Over th€ Action
of Congress. .
MADRID, Spain, March 27.— The most
! moderate papers in their issues to-day cx
i pressed great indignation at the action of
j the American Congress anent the belliger
ency of the Cuban insurgents, and asked
the Government to spare no effort to pre
pare for any development. The action of
Captain-General Weyler in deciding to
treat the insurgents as bandits is almost
| unanimously approved.
Public indignation is running so high
; that the Government will find it difficult
to control the national exasperation. The
j Republicans advocate the granting of
autonomy to Cuba, and declare they will,
| with a view to avoiding responsibility, ab
\ stain from taking part in the elections for
members of the Cortes.
BATTLE-SHIP I\I>IA>A.
Successfully Docked at Fort Royal After
Many Delays.
PORT ROYAL, S. C, March 27.— The
big battle-ship Indiana was successfully
docsed here this morning. She came
through the caisson of the dock with fully
fifteen inches to spare. The official report
on the docking will be made in a day or
two. The maintenance of the Indiana in
commission, omitting all other expenses
of officers and men and coal burned, is put
at something over $1000 a day. On this ac
count alone, from her arrival at the dock
entrance at 8:30 A. m. March 14 until this
morning, the expense incurred was $15,
--000, which was practically thrown away.
Execution <n Texas.
GEORGETOWN, Tex., March 27.—
Matt Mootey, colored, was hanged here
to-day in the presence of 4000 people, for
the murder of Andrew Pickrel, a Bohe
mian farmer, last May,
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 28, 1896.
Where are you going, my pretty maid ?
I'm after the Junta, sir, she said I
GREAT MYSTERY
OF A MURDER,
An Autopsy Made on the
Body Found in a
Trunk.
THE SKULL FRACTURED.
At Salt Lake It Is Believed
That the Remains Can Be
Identified.
TWO RICH MEN DISAPPEARED.
One a Rancher and the Other a
Frenchman Who Left a Bank
Account.
CHICAGO, 111., March 27.— The police
believe they now have a clew to the identi
fication of the body found in the trunk in
Wakem & McLaughlin's bonded warehouse
last night. To-night two men, who gave
their names as Henry Devere and Bas
Marcel, viewed the remains at the morgue
and told Captain Fitzpatrick they
believed the body to be that of Jane
Prosper Chazzell, who disappeared from
Salt Lake, Utah, in February, 1893.
They based their assertion on the fillings
in the teeth of the dead man, and say they
identical with those in Chazzell's teeth.
The two men, of whom nothing is known,
excepting that they are Frenchmen, said
they recollected distinctly one of the fill
ings, which was steel. Cbazzell, they
said, formerly lived with a Mrs, llolande
in Salt Lake.
This afternoon post mortem examination
was made of the corpse found yesterday in
the trunk bought among some unclaimed
freight. It resulted in the finding of two
fractures in the skull, which appear 4o
have been made with a hammer. The
inquest will be held to-morrow morning.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 27.— Very
little can be gleaned here throwing light
on the identity of the man whose remains
were found in a trunk sold at auction as
unclaimed property in Chicago. A theory
has been advanced that the box was
shipped to Salt Lake from Laramie and
that the remains are those of a wealthy
rancher namedlCrawford, who disappeared
mysteriously about three years ago and
has never been heard of since.
Crawford was in partnership with a man
named Booth, who was murdered in his
own Darn about a year ago, and for the
crime a man named Crocker was recently
convicted in the Wyoming courts, but was
granted a new trial, which is now pending.
Late in the year 1892 or early in 1893 a
Frenchman named Proshir Chazzell came
to Salt Lake from his native country. He
appeared to be a man of considerable
means and nad thousands of dollars' worth
of diamonds and jewelry. He lived with
a French woman of the demi monde, and
for safekeeping placed his valuables in a
lackbox of a safety deposit company. He
also had $2500 to his credit in the
Deseret National Bank of this city.
Early in the month of February, 1893,
about the time the mysterious box was
shipped, Chazzell disappeared and so far
has not been seen since. The woman with
whom he lived, claiming to be his wife,
notified the police, who instituted search,
but in vain. The lockbox, which was
known to contain his jewelry, was opened
by order of the court and was found empty.
Certain compatriots of Chazzell were sus
pected of murdering him, but nothing
tangible could be got hold of.
A few weeks after Chazzell's disappear
ance they went to Chicago. About a year
ago the Chief of Police of this city received
a letter from a lady in Paris, France,
claiming to be a sister of Cbazzell and
asking for information of her brother, of
whom she had not heard since early in
1893, when he was in Salt Lake. There is
at present $2400 standing to his credit in
the Deseret Bank of this city. The detec
tive who worked principally on the case
three years ago says that he is convinced
the body found in the trunk at Chicago is
that of Proshir Chazzell.
WHEX MARRISOX WILL WED.
Mrs. Mtnmick 1m to Become Hi* Bride
on April S.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 27.— Ex-
President Harrison will leave here on
Tuesday next for New York, and will be
married to Mrs. Mary Dimmick April 6.
He will be accompanied by D. M. Hans
dell, ex-Marshal of the District of Colum
bia, who appears to be the only one from
this city who has received an invitation.
It is not known what arrangements have
been made for the wedding, but it is be
lieved that it will be a very quiet, unosten
tatious affair and will take place at the
residence of the bride. Mrs. McKee has
been here for several days, and visits her
father almost daily, but she is stopping
with her husband's relatives.
FIRE JaY A FVRXITURB MOVBE.
Considerable Damage Vone to Stock in a
Tall liuildinq.
DES MOINES, lowa, March 27,- -Fire in
the six-story furniture house of L. Har
bach this afternoon damaged the building
and stock to the extent of $65,000. The
fire started on the fifth floor and for a
time the firemen were unable to reach it.
For two hours the total destruction of the
building seemed probable, and adjoining
buildings near were threatened. The loss
on stock is about half covered by insur
ance; that on the building is fully covered.
The total loss after insurance is paid will
be about $30,000.
Tabor and I'rte Silver.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. March 27.— The
executive council of the Federation of
Labor at its recent meeting approved the
action of President Gompera in sending
out requests that local unions memorialize
Congress in favor of free silver, and a cir
cular letter is now in circulation and mon
ster petitions to Congress are expected to
result.
JUnie. Modjeaka ■ Coming.
CHICAGO,ILL.,March27.—Mme. Helena
Modjeska departed from Chicago on a
Santa Fe train last evening, bound to Her
beautiful ranch in Southern California.
Count Bozenta, her husband, was with
her, and a little band of devoted friends
wished her bon voyage as the train left the
Polk-street depot.
MAP SHOWING PORTIONS OF EGYPT, ABYSSINIA AND THE SOUDAN.
UPRISING OF
THE MATABELES.
Caused by the Killing of
Cattle to Stamp Out
Disease.
SEVEN WHITES SLAIN.
One Battle Fought Between a
Force of Mounted Police
and Kaffirs.
STRANGE RUMORS CIRCULATED.
It Is Hinted That the Boers Stirred
Up the Natives Against
the British.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa., March
27.— 1t is not at all probable that the out
break in Matabeleland will be very serious
or long continued, as vigorous methods are
alreudy being taken to stamp it out. Ac
cording to the latest reports received from
the district where the trouble occurred,
there have been seven white men killed
and a large number wounded. It is feared
that this statement is not exaggerated,
and that later reports will show a large
number of murders.
As soon an the news of the outbreak be
came generally known, a force of colonists
was organized, and under F. C. Selous,
started for Matabeleland with the inten
tion of quelling the revolt.
It is reported that a fifht has taken
place two miles from Buluwayo between
a force of the Matabeles and a party of
mounted patrols.
Advices received here are to the effect
that several whites in outlying place* are
reported to have been Killed by Matabeles.
It is assumed that the outbreak is partly
due to the stringent measures recently
adopted to stamp out rinderpest in Rho
desia. The fondness of the Kaffirs for
their cattle is well known and the killing
of them in efforts to stamp out rinderpest
has excited much discontent.
A dispatch from Johannesburg says that
the wildest rumors are in circulation there
regarding the rising. It is hinted that the
Boers stirred up the Matabeles against the
British, but this rumor is declared here to
be baseless.
Cecil J. Rhodes, late Prime Minister of
the Cape Colony, has started for Buluwayo.
PRETORIA, South Africa, March 27.—
President Kru er has issued an official de
nial of the reports that the relations be
tween Mr. Chamberlain, the British Colo
nial Secretary, and himself are strained.
<?OXFIDJEXCE IA ROSEBERY.
Pointed Words of the £x-Premier on the
Soudan Expedition.
LONDON, Exg.. March 27.— At to-day's
session of the conference of the National
Liberal Federation at Hudderstield Robert
J. Price, M. P., moved a resolution re
cording its confidence in Kosebery, and it
was adopted unanimously. Only forty
Liberal members of the House of Com
mons were present. Lord Rosebery was
the only member of the late Liberal
Cabinet in attendance.
A public meeting was very larpely at
tended that was held in the Rowley Music
Hall this evening. The principal speakers
were: Lord Rosebery, Right Hon. Herbert
J. Gladstone, M. P.; Dr. R. Spence Wat
son, president of the National Liberal
Federation, and Sir James Wodehouse,
member of Parliament for Huddersfield.
In the course of his speech ex-Prime
Minister Rosebery denied that the Lib
eral officials had exerted undue influence
upon the federation. He would be glad if
the federation were more guided by offi
cialdom.
Lord Rosebery then touched upon
foreign relations. He complained that the
Government had not divulged its reasons
fer undertaking the Soudan expedition
and declared that it seemed that the coun
try was being footed. Even omens abroad,
he added, warned Great Britain to con
centrate her energies, yet the Government
was locking her resources in a desert.
In the House of Commons to-day George
N. Curzon, Under Secretary to the For
eign Office, stated that the Government
did not intend to send a British expedi
tion to Dongola next autumn. This state
ment was made in answer to a question by
a member of the opposition. He further
said that the sanction of the advance of
the Egyptian reserve fund toward the cost
of the Nile expedition now under way did
not rest with the powers, but with the
commission of the Egyptian public debt,
which had the right to decide whether the
advance should be made. By a vote of
a majority of the commission, he said, they
had. so decided.
In Search of Xanaen.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, March 27.—
A dispatch from Irkutsk, Siberia, says that
messengers were dispatched on February
27 and March 10 from Yakutsk, to inquire
into the truth oi the report that Dr. Nan
sen was retnrning after having discovered
the north pole. These messengers were
specially instructed to ascertain where,
when and by whom Dr. Nansen was seen.
Kneebs' Sentence Quaihed.
LEIPSIC, Germany, March 27.— The Su
preme Court has quashed the sentence of
ten months' imprisonment and a fine ot
1000 marks imposed by the lower couH on
Robert T. Kneebs, an American horseman,
who was convicted of having started in
German trotting races a mare alleged to
have been Bethel, under the name of Nellie
Kneebs.
Dr. Vetera Will Jteaiqn.
BERLIN, Germany, March 27.— Dr.
Peters, the African explorer, against whom
grave charges have been made regarding
his conduct as an official of the German
colonial Government, intends to resign
from the service, no matter how the
judicial inquiry into his conduct ends.
DUMPED IN THE SUBURBS
An lowa Hospital Sends a
Dozen Lunatics to
Chicago.
One Way of Getting Rid of Patients
When the Institution Becomes
Too Crowded.
CHICAGO, 111., March 27.— According
to a story told this morning in the County
building by James T. Turner to several
County Commissioners, a dozen lunatics
were brought from the lowa Hospital tor
the Insane at Clarinda and dumped in
Chicago and its suburbs one at a time thi
morning by subordinate officials of the
asylum there. Turner says the presen
instance is not the tirst one of the kin
which he has known of since he was con
fined in the asylum at Clarinda a litil
over a year aco. He alleges that it ba
been a practice to deport patients when
ever the institution became crowded and
that he and the other eleven insane men
who were taken on the present dumping
trip were threatened with death if they
exposed the asylum people responsible.
Assistant Superintendent Appleeate and
two asylum attendants named Peterson
and Johnson are charged by Turner with
bringing a party of lunatics from Clarinda
last night over the Burlington route clad
only in the asylum "strait clothes,"
which were hidden by overcoats. Turner
says the other victims of the alleged
scheme were too far gone mentally to ex
pose it, if they chose to do so. The police
are investigating the story and trying to
find Applegate, who left Turner at the
Union depot, saying he was going to
Indianapolis.
A Musical. Defaulter-
OPELIKA, Ala., March 27.— Thomas
Butler, the bead of the firm of Thomas
Butler & Co., wholesale and retail dealers
in musical instrumeuts. is a defaulter. He
embezzled all of the firm's funds and had
gone heavily in debt throughout the city,
every line of business here having loat by
trusting him.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEATH INSTEAD
OF A PARDON
Bandit Brown's Application
for Clemency Proves
Disastrous.
IS UNLAWFULLY ALIVE.
A Former Commutation of His
Sentence Found to Have
Been Illegal.
THE CONVICT SHOULD HANG.
Governor Budd Discovers an Error
Committed by a Predecessor
in Office.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 27.— 1n ex
amining into the merits of the application
of H. E. Brown, the Mendocino outlaw, for
a pardon Governor Budd has discovered
that instead of beine entitled to a pardon
the former death sentence, as imposed by a
jury, is in full force and effect, and Brown
should be hanged.
Brown was convicted of robbery in 1875
and sentenced to the penitentiary, but he
had influential friends and they succeeded
in persuading Governor Irwin to pardon
him. Upon obtaining his liberty, Brown
re-entered his career of crime, which
eventually culminated in hia ambushine a
posse of officers who were pursuing him
and killing two of them— T. Dollard and
William Wright. After a chase which
lasted sixty days Brown was captured,
tried and found guilty of murder in th«
lirst degree and sentenced # to be hanged.
The case was appealed to the Supreme
Court and the judgment of the lower court
reversed on an error made by the Judge
of that court in instructing the jury.
The case was then transferred to Sonoma
County, where a new trial was held, and
again Brown was convicted and sentenced
to be banged. While awaiting sentence in
the county jail Brown was instrumental in
preventing a break of prisoners and saved
the life of the Sheriff. For this action
Governor Perkins commuted his death
sentence to life imprisonment in San
Quentin.
In looking up the matter of the pardon
Governor Budd finds that the murder for
which Brown was twice convicted was
committed after the new constitution went
into effect. It was committed in the fall
of 1879, and the constitution went into
effect on July 1, 1899. Article VII, section
1, of the constitution says:
Neither the Governor nor the Legislature
shall have power to grant pardons or com mv«
tations of wntence In any case where the con
vict has twice been convicted of a felony, un
less upon the written recommendation of a
majority of the Judges of the Supreme Court.
The language here, the Governor be
lieves, is very strong. A pardon for a first
offen se would often remove all disabili
ties, but in this section of the constitu
tion, which was in effect at the time Gov
ernor Perkins exercised the pardoning
power, the words "in any case" are used.
Governor Budd's opinion of the matter from
his review of law is, that Governor Perkins
did not have the power to commute the
sentence of H. E. Brown, and, as the Su
preme Court did not take part in the com
mutation, as required by the constitution,
the death sentence as imposed by the So
noma County jury upon H.- E. Brown is
still in full force and effect.
WILL LEES GET IT?
Examiners ,- in • Doubt aa to the Kovttle*
Reward.
.. SACRAMENTO, - Cal., March 27.— At
the meeting of the State Board • of Ex- .
aminers this afternoon several, opinions
from the Attorney-General in regard .to
matters which had been referred to him at
previous meetings were read. One was to
the effect that summons in foreclosure
proceedings against delinquent purchasers
of school lands were legal if published five
times in weekly papers, this being all that
was required by law. ; , : .
,;■ In the Kovalev reward case the Attorney-
General's opinion was that, owing to Cap
tain Lees' official \ position, he had ' grave
doubts as to whether Lees was entitled to
handle any portion of the reward, and he
believed the matter should be referred to
the Supreme ; Court. ; In ; discussing this
case Governor Budd stated that he was in
favor of allowing Hamilton $100 and Cap
tain Lees $900. \ Secretary of State Brown
believed Lees should have the full amount,
in -', order to encourage officers in such
cases. V - , '•- . • -.#-■■■ ( . •
Governor Budd : said, in speakine of
I slanders, that the evangelist who slandered \
[. the community of .Fresno several days ago
i ought to be held guilty of , a felony. He
I had' made a suggestion, to the code com- .,
missioners, and a law would \be drawn , up ;
and submitted to t»e Legislature, making
it a felony where any one slandered a com
munity, as well as an individual. .
The ; matter; of expense in conducting
San Quentin prison came up ; ana was se
verely commented upon, there being nine
ty-three guards employed at ; that institu- '
tion and but sixty-two at l^olsom, although
I the former is protected by walls. The cut
! ting down of the expenses of this institu
; tion was referred -j to *\ Secretary of y State
Brown, who will collect data on the ; sub
ject, and a meeting of tbe Board of Prison •
Directors was called for Wednesday. --;';
Burglar Curt In Held.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 27.—An
drew, alias "Babe" Curtin, the "man with
the mesmeric smile," who was implicated
in the robbery of a ]ewelry-store in San
Francisco some time ago, in which Curtin
locked the employes into the store while
his confederates escaped with several
thousand dollars' worth of diamonds, was
to-day held to answer before the Superior
Court on a charge of burglary. Cartin
entered the house of State Janitor W. H.
Govan and stole several articles of value.
For Interesting Pacific Coast Tele*
grams See Pages 3 and 4.2
KOREAN REBELS
ARE ADVANCING
They Proclaim That All
Foreigners Must Leave
the Country.
CLOSING IN ON SEOUL.
The Government Cannot Raise
Troops to Cope With
the Insurgents.
AN INSUPPORTABLE SITUATION
Departure of the King From the Rus
sian Legation Will Cause the
Cabinet's Downfall.
TOKIO, J.kvky, March 13.— Returns com
piled by the Japanese authorities covering
the period from May 26 to November 15,
1595, while the Formosan rebellion was in
progress, show the Japanese lost altogether
195 men in battle and had 579 wounded,
but so severely did they suffer from sick
ness that 234 were thrown out of service
daily on the average. The Cninese, dur
ing the same interval, are supposed to have
had about 7500 kilied, but the number is
probably below the truth, for 6760 bodies
were actually found by the Japanese and
undoubtedly many wounded men crawled
or were carried away to die in the bush
or elsewhere.
The state of affairs in Korea goes from
bad to worse. Politicians in Seoul insist
that by taking refuge in the Russian lega
tion anu remaining there the Kins; has
virtually quitted his own dominions, since
the precincts of a legation are extraterri
torial. A similar view is held by the lead
ing citizens of the capital, who naturally
see that very ' little power of govern
ing can be accredited to a sovereign and
his Cabinet so long as they dare not ven
ture beyond the shadow of a foreign flag.
As for the insurgents in the provinces
they have adopted a new tone, dictated of
course by adherents of the prince-parent's
party. They say that the men by whom
the King was persuaded to seek asylum in
the Russian legation are traitors to the
country and must be exterminated. But
they also proclaim that all foreigners must
be expelled from the kingdom, an an
nouncement probably intended as a blind.
They have pushed to a point not more
than ten miles from Seoul, and the Gov
ernment has no troops to cope with them.
Tne raising of several new battalions
of royal guards has been ordered by edict,
but money to pay them is not forth
coming, even if they could be organized
so speedily as to meet the emergency.
Something like a panic was caused in
the Japanese settlement of Gensan,
owing to the apparent imminence of
an attack by the insurgents in great force,
there being only ■ mere handful of Japan
ese soldiers in the town. But calm was
soon restored, and a Japanese man-of-war
is now ancnored in the port. Frequent
encounters take place between small
parties of Japanese and greatly superior
bodies of insurgents, but the courage and
discipline of the former always prevail
unless the odds are overwhelming.
The whole situation, however, is rapidly
growing insupportable, and a general idea
gains ground that the departure of the
King from the Russian legation will be
the sienal for the downfall of the present
Cabinet. It has been pretexted by the pro-
Russian party that the King's residence in
tke palace is out of the question so long as
Japanese troops have their barracks in the
immediate vicinity. The troops were
located there orieinally by desire of the
Korean Government, but aa the Japanese
authorities have neither need nor occasion
to keep them there they are about to be
removed. This state of confusion and tur
moil contrasts vividly with the tranquility
and good order that existed while Count
Inouye was in Seoul. His tact ami ability
never failed to stiil the strife of factions
and to guide the country quietly into the
paths of reform. Russian interference has
produced exactly the opposite effect.
The United States' representative in
Seoul is winning golden opinions among
the Japanese at this crisis. His influence,
they report, is steadily exerted in the cause
of right and justice. Strong, and in great
part successful, efforts are said to have
been made by him to mitigate the cruel
ties practiced by the Cabinet against its
political opponents and to lessen the bru
talities resorted to by the legaL tribunals
in their examination of prisoners.
The Japanese Government has an
nounced another issue of the war loan.
Power to raise 200,000,000 yen was origin
ally vested in the Government by the
Diet, but of that amount only 80,000,000
was put upon the market. The resources
actually at the Government's disposal to
defray war expenditures were thus only
81,000,000 yen of the loan (the bonds having
sold at a premium); 35,000,000 yen of
accumulated surplus revenue, and 4*000,000
yen voluntarily contributed by enthusias
tic persons, or 120,000,000 yen in all. On
the other hand, the accounts up to the
present show an expenditure of 235.000,000
yen. By borrowing money from the Bank
of Japan, temporarily diverting funds
from special accounts, and issuing war
checks, the Government was able to pay
its way, but the deficit of 115,000,000 yen
had ultimately to be met. For that pur
pose 80,000,000 were taken from the Indem
nity paid by China, and a third ißsue of
NEW TO-DAY.
THE ACADfMIE DE MEDECINE OF FRANCE HAS PLACED.
Apollinaris
("THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS.")
"At the HEAD of ALL the Waters
examined for PURITY and FREE-
DOM from Disease Germs.' 1
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First St., San Francisco,"
Eepresenting CHARLES GRAEF & CO., N. V., for Mineral Waters.
the war loan, amounting to 35.000,000 yen,
is now made. Only 10,000,000, however,
are offered for public subscriptions, the
remaining 25,000,000 worth of bonds being
taken by the Bant of Japan. The mini
mum selling price of the bonds is to be
their face-value, and the rate of interest
5 per cent, as before.
Contrary to expectation, the Japanese
Diet has passed all the taxation measures
proposed by the Government for raising
the public revenue to a figure commen
surate with the increased expenditures en
tailed by the country's altered circum
stances. Having voted the budget, in
which augmented expenditures are in
cluded, it followed that the Diet must
consent to some means of increasing the
revenue correspondingly. But the means
contemplated by the Government evoked
much criticism, especially a new registra
tion law, imposing payments on occasions
of birth, death, marriage, succession, and
so forth ; a law raising the taxes on trades
and a law providing for an official monop
oly of the sale of leaf tobacco. The special
committees of the House of Representa
tives charged with the duty of examining
and reporting upon these measures de
voted a long time to the task, and their
hesitation was construed as an indorse
ment of the bills' unpopularity. But they
finally reported in a favorable sense and
the measures were passed with very trifling
alterations.
The old question of freedom of the press
has again brought about a collision be
tween the upper and lower houses of the
Japanese Diet. Under the present law the
executive is empowered to suspend a jour
nal for an unlimited time merely on the
ground that its continued publication
would be detrimental to public peace or
morality. The incriminated article or
articles need not be specially indicated.
Against this law a majority in the lower
house has always remonstrated. The
Government, on its side, was willing to
meet the House half way, but unwilling
to divest itself altogether of a power
the occasional exercise of which appeared
absolutely essential in the present state of
Japanese newspaper development. This
session the Cabinet introduced a new
project of press law, in which the period
of suspension was limited to one week,
and it was provided that the objectionable
matter must always be indicated. But
these concessions, though large, did not
satisfy the politicians in the lower house.
They amended the new project in the
sense of abolishing the power of suspen
sion altogether, and they also introduced
various other liberal changes. When the
bills reached the Peers they rejected all
the amendments introduced by the Rep
sentatives, and restored the law to the
form in which it had been presented by
the Government. Thus the uncompro
mising attitude of the lower house im
pedes the progress of the reforms that it is
so anxious to effect.
A document purporting to be a transla
tion of a secret treaty concluded some
months ago between Russia and China
has been published in Shanghai. It is a
strange and scarcely crediole agreement.
China, in consideration of the Northern
power's good offices in backing her bills
upon France for a paltry sum which Eng
land would have supplied unconditionally,
and in ' combining with Germany and
Franttto drive the Japanese out of Liao
tung, places any or all of her harbors at
Russia's disposal for belligerent purposes,
and also permits Russia to secretly raise
levies, buy horses, and obtain coolies in
Chinese territory. These various priv
ileges, if challenged by another power, are
to be ascribed to force majeure, China
pretexting inability to oppose Russia's
action. But, at the same time, China is to
enjoy the pleasure of openly attacking
Russia's enemies, should 6he so desire.
Further, when the Siberian railway is fin
ished, Russia is to be at liberty to build a
branch line to Talien, on the northwest
coast of the Gulf of Pechili, or to any
other point she pleases, and will be al
lowed to occupy and fortify an island for
the better protection of the terminus of
the line. Sbe also obtains leave to select
and entrench favorable positions on the
Chinese coast opposite Vladivostock and
to attack Korea via Manchuria, should
difficulties arise with Japan about the
peninsula. Per contra, Russia promises to
use persuasion, or force if necessary,
against any power attacking China; to
lend several hundreds of officers for the
drilling of 100,000 Chinese troops in Man
churia and subsequently in the five north
ern provinces of China proper, and to hand
over the branch railway built to her in
Manchuria should China, at the end of
fifteen years, have proved herself compe
tent to manage it.
The opinion of intelligent observers in
the East is that no such treaty can have
been concluded. Were China in ex
tremis sbe could scarcely pay a higher
price for rescue, nor is it conceivable that
Russia should have played so uniquely for
her own hand without any regard for her
allies, Germany and France. However,
short-sighted and emotional the Peking
Government may be— and it has never
exhibited such traits— it can scarcely have
consented to the conversion of the whole
Chinese empire into a Russian military
basis, or made such concessions in Man
churia as must inevitably bring the whole
of that vast district under Russian sway at
The Japan Mail Steamship Company
has opened a line of steamers to Europe.
Special boats of high speed and great
carrying capacity are being built in Eng
land for the service, but at present steam
ers of from three to four thousand tons,
acquired by the company during the war,
will be employed. The intention is to
compete with the Conference lines, cargo
being the chief aim. But excellent accom
modation for passengers will also be pro
vided, and as a first-class passage to Lon
don will cost only 350 yen, against 700 yen
charged by the Peninsula and Oriental
Company, and over 500 yen (plus heavy
extras) by the Pacific Mail Company, a
very sensible effect may be produced on
the passenger traffic of the two last com
panies. There can be no doubt that all
Japanese traveling or sending cargo to
Europe will give the preference to the
Japan Mail Steamship Company's yes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
sels, and as Japanese merchants now ex
port to Europe and import thence no less
than 24,500,000 yen worth of goods annu
ally, without the intervention of foreign
ers at the treaty ports, the steamers of the
new service should not lack for cargo. They
have also the advantage of a tolerably
liberal state subsidy, which may be
roughly stated at about 100,000 yen for
each all-round voyage, that method of
encouraging navigation having been just
established by law.
| |Coastwise freights in Japan have fallen
to an exceptionally low figure, owing to
the greatly increased number of steamers
employed in the carrying trade. Many of
these steamers were acquired during the
war and chartered by the Government for
transport purposes. The release from that
duty has rapidly pulled freights down by
as much as 40 per cent between January
and March. Going further back for a
standard the comparison is still more
striking, for the figures now quoted are a
hundred per cent lower than they were at
the corresponding period of last year.
The customs revenue raised on the im
port of opium into Formosa aggregates
$2,000,000 annually. That whole sum the
Japanese Government is willing to devote
to measures for eradicating the opium
vice. It is impossible to put any drastic
measures of prevention into immediate
force. To suddenly cut off the supply of
the drug would produce terrible suffering
among habitual smokers. Such persons
only will be furnished with licenses to
purchase a limited quantity, the use of
opium by all others being strictly inter
dicted.
To carry >out that programme the Gov
ernment must monopolize the trade; must
establish a refinery; must appoint compe
tent medical experts to examine applicants
for licenses; must institute strict control
over opium-sellers and opium-smoking es
tablishments, and must organize a special
force of opium police. It will be a most
difficult and arduous undertaking, but the
Japanese authorities believe that by vigi
lance and perseverance they may hope to
eradicate the vice completely in twenty or
thirty years. It is alleged that the use of
opium is necessary to persons living in the
malarial regions of the island, but Japan
ese physicians do not share that view.
In view of its greatly increasing opera
tions in foreign trade the Yokohama
Specie Bank has decided to double its cap
ital of 6,000,000 yen. The 100-yen shares
of the bank are now selling at 333 yen in
the open market, and as the six millions'
worth of new shares go entirely to the
holders of the old the latter will find the
transaction very profitable.
The Salvation Army's doings in Japan
j have been disfigured by dissensions among
the officers. At the outset the commander
instituted a programme of wearing Japan
ese dress and eating Japanese food only.
It is impossible for Occidentals to subsist
en Japanese food without detriment to
health, and the wearing of Japanese cos
tume by persons coming to Japan as apos
tles of a creed seems to the Japanese a
mere burlesque— they do not want to have
their intelligence approached by such
\ routes. Apart from the question of policy,
I however, the diet and manner of life
| proved too much for some of the married
officers. They resigned, and one couple
j had to be sent back to England by public
subscription. It is not to be supposed
that they were left destitute by the army.
| The commander was prepared to pass
them on to Australia in tne regular rou
tine of service. But they wanted to go to
England, and the charitable people that
subscribed to send them there took such a
vivid view of their hardships that quite a
scandal was created.
Detailed accounts from Kiangyin— which
lies midway between the mouth of the
Yangtze and Chingkiang— show that a
mutiny on a large scale among the soldiers
there was only prevented by the explosion
of a magazine. The disaffected troops
were Anhui men who had been stationed
at Kiangyin for twenty years. Last year
an officer of some military competence and
honesty was sent from Nanking to com
mand a portion of the troops. His re
forms soon created discontent, which
j reached a climax when at his suggestion
orders arrived from headquarters to dis
band the superannuated braves. An in
surrection was planned, the programme
being to kill the general in command, get
i possession of the magazines and rifles, and
1 then master the city, the foreign instruc
j tors in the forts being sent away by boat
jto Shanghai. Already the work had coni
j menced.
Rities had begun to crack and the muti
neers were removing the contents of the
magazines, when the principal of three —
containing about seven tons of gunpowder
I — blew up. The cause of the explosion is
not known, since all in or near the maga
zine, to the number of about 300, were
! shattered to pieces. The catastrophe was
so terrible that it completely cowed the
soldiers and they desisted from further
acts of violence. But tiiey had attained
their object. The general in command
was replaced, the too-conscientious cap
| tain was put under arrest and the sentence
iof disbandment was revoked. Chinese
I soldiers can apparently get anything that
they insist upon having.
It is difficult to Know how matters are
really faring in Kansu. News received on
one day that the Mohammedan rebels
are as strong as ever is followed, on the
next, by statements that their strength is
completely broken. The laiest intelligence
is a telegram from Lanchow, the capital of
the province, dated February 28. It rep
resents the insurgents as quite unable to I
cope with the imperial forces under Gover
nor Wei of Shensi, who recently arrived
in Kansa. The. principal chief of the
rebels is said to have been captured in
January and many of the Mussulman vil
lages have had to hand over a number of
their elders by way of alternative to hav
ing their homesteads abandoned to the
fury of the soldiers.
American and Russian kerosene is to
meet a new competition at Hongkong.
Tanks are in course of construction there
for storing Lankat oil, which will be con
[ veyed from the wharf in underground
pipes. The new oil will have the advan
, tage of paying a considerably lower freight
than its rivals.
IX MILITARY ATTIRE.
Statue of William Henry Harrison
Plae*d in Position.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 27.— The
Monument Regents have placed the statue
of William Henry Harrison in position in
Monument Place as the representative of
the Territorial period in lndina history,
.being one of a group of four nsar the sol
diers'monument. The figure is of heroic
size and stands resting on the right leg,
the right arm akimbo. The left leg and
•left arm are advanced and the left hand
rests upon the hilt of the gword.
The figure is clothed in the United
States army uniform of the period of 1812,
that of major-general, and tbe well-posed
head is surmounted by a dhapeau bras. A
martial cloak, sweeping almost to the
heels, falls from the shoulders and is
thrown bacJt, disclosing the entire figure.
Two of the Crew Drowned.
BRIDGETON, N. J., March 27.— The
schooner Mattie L. Ford was capsized in
the Cohansey River during a squall to-day.
Two of the crew, Newell Dutch and Frank
M. Moore, were drowned.
LEGISLATIVE
APPROPRIATIONS
Passage of the Bill in the
Senate After a Week's
Argument.
DISPOSES OF MILLIONS.
Hill Succeeds in Defeating an
Item for Expenses in
New Mexico.
SAYS IT WAS "SNEAKED IN."
Chairman Allison of the Committee
Makes an Appropriate Ex
planation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.— The
legislative appropriation bill passed the
Benate to-day after occupying the atten
tion of that body every day during the
present week. It appropriates in round
numbers $25,500,000. There was much de
bat* upon it — first, on Senator Sherman's
motion to strike out all the sections relat
ing to the compensation of United States
Marshals, Clerks and District Attorneys
(putting them on a salary system instead
of the present system of fees); second, on
Senator Hill's motion to strike out a pro
viso changing the time of meeting of the
Legislative Assembly of New Mexico.
Sherman's motion was defeated — ayes 18,
noes 30 — so that the bill remains, in that
respect, as it passed the House. Hill's
motion developed a political controversy, I
and notice was given by Gorman of Mary
land that the discussion could not be cut
off, but would assume pretty large di
mensions. With the object of avoiding
this threatened political debate, Cullom of
Illinois, who was in charge of the bill,
moved to Jay Hill's motion on the table,
but Cuilom's motion was disagreed to—
ayes 21, noes 29.
The Democratic Senators were aided by j
the votes of the Populists and of two Re
publican Senators— Frye and Wolcott.
Thereupon Cullom withdrew all opposi
-1 tionto Hill's motion and it was agreed to.
That practically ended the consideration
of the biil and it was passed without a
division^
The legislative appropriation bill was
taken up after some minor business had
been disposed of, the question being on
Sherman's motion to strike out all the
paragraphs relating to the compensation
of United States District Attorneys, Clerks
and Marshals.
Pending action on Sherman's motion
Vilas(D.) of Wisconsin moved'to strike
out the section in relation to District At
torneys and insert in lieu of it this: That i
the United States District Attorneys for
each of the judicial districts of the United !
States (except the Southern district of I
New York, which shall continue under I
existing law) shall be paid an annual sal- |
ary of $4000, except that in the district of j
Massachusetts, the Eastern district of
Pennsylvania, the Eastern district of
Louisiana, the Northern district of Califor
nia and the Northern district of Illinois
they shall be paid an annual salary
of $t>ooo.
Vilas' motion to amend the sixth sec
tion and Sherman's motion to strike out
all the sections relating to the compensa
tion of judicial officers were discussed at
length. •
Allison (R.) of lowa, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, expressed
his entire concurrence in the arguments
made yesterday by Sherman and Hill
against general legislation on appropria
tion bills, but the committee, he said, re
garded and was compelled to regard this
case as exceptional and had so treated it. -
After some discussion the Senate de
feated — 30 to 18 — Sherman's motion to
strike out of the legislative bill all the
sections relating to the compensation of
United States District Attorneys. Clerks
and Marshals.
The amendment offered by Vilas was
rejected without a division.
Hill moved to strike out of the para
graph makine appropriation for the legis
lative expenses of the Territory of New
Mexico a proviso that the next session of
the Legislative Assembly shall commence
on the first Monday in May, 1897. He
said that this was another instance of
general legislation, that it wns a political
amendment "sneaked in" on an appro
priation bill, and that it was a small,
mean, contemptible, silly attempt to gain
a political advantage.
Elkins (R.) of West Virginia asked Hill
what he meant by the phrase "sneaked
in."
"I thought," Hill replied with anima
tion, "that I would etir up the Senator
from New Mexico — I mean the Senator
from \Vest Virginia, but it is about the
same thing. The Territorial Legislature
will, under existing law, assemble nexe
December, but this little trick is to post
pone the meeting till May, 1897. when there
may be a Republican President of the
United States and a Republican Governor
and Republican Territorial officers."
Cullom (R.) of Illinois in charge of the
bill, made an explanation of the matter,
and made a remark as to Hill getting into
a "spasm" about it. Hill declared that
the "spasm" was on the other side of tho
chamber.
Carter (R.) of Montana made an expla
nation of the proviso, and stated why it
should be enacted.
After further discussion Cullom moved
to lay Hill's motion on tne table. The
motion being undebatable, Gorman ap
pealed to Cullom not to persist in it, and
he repeated the remark which he had
already made as to the question being a
political one, adding that it was one on
which Senators were entitled tp have a
discussion extending far beyond the
bounds which it had taken.
Cullom said his object was to have a test
vote.
"If you want a test vote," Gorman said,
"we are ready for it now."
"You can beat us," Frye remarked in an
undertone.
The result of the vote showed Frye to
be right. It was, ayes 21, noes 29.
On this aye and no vote the Populists
voted with the Democrats in the negative,
and there were also two Republican Sena
tors voting in the same way— Frye and
Wolcott.
Then Cullom withdrew his opposition,
and Hill's motion to strike out was agreed
to. The bill was then passed without a
division. It appropriates $25,500,000.
The Senate then at 4:oQ o'clock pro
ceeded to the consideration of executive
business and Boon afterward adjourned till
Monday.
PROCEEDINGS IX 'i TB.B SOUSE.
Consideration of the Civil Appropriation
Bill Is Refuted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.— Quite
unexpectedly the House of Representa
tives to-day by a vote of 142 to 77 refused
to consider the civil appropriation bill re
ported yesterday, adopting the motion of
Hepburn (R.) of lowa to take up bills in
private calendar for the first time this ses
sion. The adoption of this motion ex
hausted an hour and another hour was
spent in discussing a motion by Pickler
(R.) of South Dakota that only pension
and private relief bills reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs be consid
ered. This was finally agreed to. Only
three bills were considered and they were
reported to the House with a recommenda
tion that they be passed.
Before a vote could be taken on them
Hepburn (R.) of lowa moved that when
the House aijourned to-night it adjourn
until Monday next. Despite the strenuous
opposition of Cannon (R.) of Illinois,
chairman of the Committee on Appropria
tions, the motion was carried to — 103 to 25.
The House then at 5 o'clock was de
clared in recess until 8 o'clock, the even
ing session to be devoted to the considera
tion of private pension bills.
The evening session of the House devel
oped a family row among the Republicans
regarding pension legislation. The first
bill taken up was that discussed last Fri
day night — a Senate bill granting a pen
sion of $30 a month to Charles E. Jones, a
photographer, for injuries resulting from
a wound received while taking a picture
of Longstreet's fortifications at Suffolk,
Virginia.
Connelly (R.) of Illinois antagonized the
bill, and in the course of his speech se
verely criticized the Committee on Invalid
Pensions for bringing in bills of this class
to pension men who were not enlisted.
Pickier (R.) of Sotth Dakota bitterly re
sented the criticism of Connelly, declaring
that it was not fair, and that his assertions
were a base slander upon the Invalid Pen
sions Committee. The committee had
recommended nothing for which it had
not the precedent of many Congresses
past. After amending the bill so as to
give the man a pensionable status and
leaving to the Pension Bureau the deter
mination of the amount to be paid him,
the bill was laid aside with a favorable
recommendation.
Subsequetly Mahon (R.) of Pennsylva
nia, apparently laboring under suppressed
feeling, said that a statement ha.d been
made on the floor which ought not to go out
uncontradicted. When the gentleman
from Illinois (Connelly) had charged that
a certain gentleman whom he need not
name, but whom all Republicans recog
nized as their leader [applause], had inter
fered to suppress legislation in behalf of
the old soldier he spoke, without founda
tion. The Speaker of the House, Mahon
asserted, had always given preference in
grauting recognition to members to those
having bills for the old soldier. The
House has spent fifty-five hours this ses
sion in considering private pension bills
and had passed forty.
.Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio followed in a
similar strain, advising Connelly before
he undertook to arraign the Republican
majority to have more data to go on than
he had at present. Connelly, responding,
said that with a great Republican major
ity in the House a Republican quorum
failed to appear at these Friday night ses
sions, and there were too many candidates
for the Presidency and their friends in
this Congress engaged in promoting their
interests to do justice to the old soldiers
in the matter of pension legislation.
The committee rose after having favor
ably acted upon four bills, and at 10:30
o'clock adjourned until Monday next.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Much Money Believed to Be
Appropriated for Santa
Monica Harbor.
• ., -. ■ — ■.. ..
Perkins and Hilborn Pleased With the
Prospect of a Public Building
for Oakland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.-Al
-tbough the rivers and harbors bill has not
yet been reported it is known that $100,000
is appropriated for Santa Monica harbor.
Representative McLaculan was requested
by the river convention delegates, who
were here several weeks ago, not to oppose
an appropriation for Santa Monica for fear
of prejudicing chances of San Pedro, but
McLachlan is in a dilemna, for he hears
the Southern California papers are criticiz
ing nim for not attacking the Huntington
scheme. The California Congressmen aay
they can tell better what course they will
pursue w nen they have seen how much the
river and harbor bill carries for San Pedro
and Santa Monica respectively.
Senator Perkins and Representative Hil
born are very much pleased over the re
port of the Senate Committee on Public
Build ings and Grounds, recommending an
appropriation of $350,000 for a public build
ing at Oakland, their home town. The
bill will undoubtedly pass the Senate, and
as Mr. Hilborn is an influential member of
the Public Buildings and Grounds Com
mittee of the House it is altogether prob
able the bill will pass that body also. It
is for Speaker Reed to say whether any
money snail be appropriated for public
buildings, but it Is safe to assume that if
any bills are passed in the House Oakland
will be one of them. Perkins and Hilborn
are both natives of Maine, and are both
quite friendly with the Speaker. Hilborn
especially, who knew Reed when he lived
in California.
The remains of Sam B. Solomon of San
Francisco, who died here last night, will,
by request of his relatives, be shipped by
Senator Perkins to California to-morrow.
The hospital surgeons were anxious to lo
cate the bone in Solomon's throat by
means of the Cathode ray, and think they
miiitit possibly have saved his life; but be
fore an apparatus could be secured the
patient was too far gone to render such an
operation of any avail.
Mrs. Ida Harte Merritt, whose family
resides at Oakland, Cal., died here to-day.
Her body will be cremated on Sunday by
her own request.
The House Committee on Public Lands
to-day directed Representative Bowers to
report favorably Senate bill granting Cali
fornia 5 per cent of net proceeds from cash
sales of public lands in said Senate. The
House bill in same subject was ordered to
lay on the table.
L. G. Harrier of Vallejo was to-day ad
mitted to practice in the United States
Supreme Court.
(i. W. Knight was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Fulton, Sonoma County,
Cal., vice Jarvis Cbaffee, resigned.
Pensions 1 have been granted as follows:
Original— Louis Benoe, San Francisco;
John J. Cramer, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. Increase— Warren J. Harris, Col
ton.
Washington : Original— Thomas Finney,
Olympia.
Treasury Hold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $127,660,526. The
withdrawals for the day were $157,700.
EXPLAINED BY
WARNER MILLER
Facts Presented to Show
the Feasibility of the
Canal.
SURVEYS IN NICARAGUA
Report of the Government Com
mission Scored in Telling
Words.
THERE IS NO DISADVANTAGES.
The Government Asked to Take the
Construction Under Control or
Let It Alone.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 27.— Ex-
Senator Warner Miller of New York ap
peared before the House Commerce Com
mittee this morning and gave a history of
the Nicaragua Canal Company from its
inception down to the present time. He
said his appearance was not for the pur
pose of advocating any Nicaragua canal
bilh After traveling extensively in Eu
rope and the United States in an endeavor
to educate the people to the necessity of
the enterprise he said he found that capi
talists believed the canal ought to
be a Government affair, and that
the Government would sooner or
later take possession of it, thus
leaving no profit to the private investors.
He related these experiences to the Senate
committee and suggested that the Govern
ment guarantee the bonds of the com
pany, and for this guarantee take stock to
the amount of $70,000,000 and $80,000,000,
the company being capitalized for $100,
--000,000. A bill to this effect was reported
and passed the Senate. The company
now felt that they have a grievance acainst
the Government, because from its action
in the matter it has become impossible to
get the money to construct the canal,
either at home or abroad.
Mr. Miller then paid his respects to the
Government commission, which went to
Nicaragua last summer to inspect the
route of the canal. He asserted without
qualification that the movement to ap
point the commission was made by the
enemies of the canal enterprise. He as
serted that the commission had estimated
the cost of the canal not as practical busi
ness men, but as men who had the great
wealth of the Nation behind them. The
company, on the other hand, estimated
the cost at its lowest figure and with a
view to keeping the expense within the
limits prescribed.
While the rainfall was great, Mr. Miller
continued, the records show that there
has never been a serious flood in Nicara
gua. No danger from floods was to be ex
pected. Referring to the reports of the
earthquakes, be said that in the knowledge
of men there had never been a shock in the
neighborhood of the canal which would
have damaged it.
The commission criticized the surveys of
the river and lake, but these, he said, were
made by officers of the United States navy
and not in the interest of the company.
Referring to the prospects of the canal,
he said commerce sought the cheapest
route, under which conditions he thought
the canal would get much business. The
canal would develop the industries of
the Pacific Coast, especially the wheat and
lumber, and would double in a short time
the population of that section of our
country.
He assumed that 4,000,000 tons of freight
per year would pas? through the canal
shortly after its completion. At a tax of
$1 50 a ton this would give $6,000,000 per
year. And, after further argument, he
said, in concluding, that the company felt
that the Government should now say that
it would take the work under its control,
or say to the world that it did not intend
to enter it. This should be done in fair
ness to the company. If the Government
did not take it the company would go
ahead and either complete the project
or fail. ________^_______
DEBTS OF PACIFIC ROADS.
Bills Relating to the Subject
Will Be Considered This
Session.
It Is Evident That the Frye-Smith
Bill Will Be Reported With
Modifications.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.-The
managers of the House hare aereed to
consider the Pacific roads bills at this ses
sion. This information is given to The
Call correspondent to-night by one who
is in close touch with Speaker Reed and
his lieutenants. The news comes as a
great surprise to the California colony
here, who have felt certain all along that
as a matter of political expediency as well
economy of time Pacific roads legislation
would go over until next winter's session,
after the elections have been held. But
Speaker Reed has ordained otherwise,
and it is probable that bills will be con
sidered in both the Senate and House in a
tew weeks. Senator Frye, as is well
known, is Huntington's right-hand man.
Frye, by reason of long service and of his
position as president pro tempore of the
Senate, is a power in that body, and can
bring the Pacific roads bill (his own meas
ure) to a vote if be wishes.
The joint committee on Pacific roads Is
making slow progress in framing a bill.
A majority of the members of this sub
committee are ignorant of what is being
done. Kyle. Faris and Sulzer stated to
The Call correspondent to-day they had
no idea of what was being done. The two
chairmen, Powers and Frye, have the
matter in hand and are trying to frame a
bill which will satisfy both roads. Chair
man Powers said to-night that they were
tryine to frame a bill that would go
through both houses.
"There will be no trouble about the Sen
ate, 1 ' said he. "Most any kind of a bill
will pass the Senate, but the House is al
together a different body."
The Call correspondent learns that the
Frye-Smith bill will certainly be reported
with some modifications. The time will
probably be reduced from 100 to 60 or 70
years with interest at 2 per cent. Theßeilly
bill was for fifty years at 3 per cent. Tha
Californians are to-night more confident
than ever of beating the bill. The joint
committee meets again to-morrow.
The Senate Pacific Railroads Committee
this morning appointed Senators Frye
Walcott and Brice a sub-committee to act.
with a similar sub-committee of toe House
Pacific Railroads Committee in drafting
the bill providing for a settlement of the
debts of the bond-aided Pacific railroads to
the Government.
Eleotrie-Zight Signaling.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27—Secre
tary Herbert and members of the Senate
and House committees on naval affairs,
and prominent officials, yesterday in
spected a method of electric-light signal
ing designed by L. B. Crandall. The in
ventor claims it can be easily used at a
distance of five miles.
Confirmed- by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.-The
Senate to day in executive session con
firmed the following nominations: Frank
W. Roberts of Maine to be United States
Consul at Capetown, Cape Colony. Post
masters — California: Dora Austin, Perry;
W. A. Bucknam, Truckee.
Favorable to California.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27,-Tha
House Committee on Public Lands to-day
agreed to report favorably the Senate bill
giving the State of California 5 per cent of
the receipts from public land* sales for
school purposes.
A Building for Oakland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.-The
Senate Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to-day ordered a favorable
report on the bill authorizing a public
building at Oakland, Cal., to cost $350,000.
- BIGAMIST ASO EMBEZZLER.
Many Crimea Are Charged Against
Arthur J. Goodwin.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.— Arthur
J. Goodwin, who is charged, the police say,
with bigamy and robbing several firms by
whom he was employed, was arrested
Wednesday night, and in the police court
yesterday he was remanded until the police
of Cripple Creek, Colo., are heard from.
It is said that on March 1, 1895, while an
agent of the Continental Oil Company at
Cripple Creek be disappeared with $1200.
He was arrested in St. Louis on September
30, 1895, and was taken to Cripple Creek,
where he was to have had hia hearing on
January 20, 1896. He again disappeared,
and it was learned that he sailed from this
city to Europe on the steamer New York.
He returned here a short time ago. His
presence in the city was discovered and his
arrest followed.
The charge of bigamy against him comes
from Brooklyn. It is stated that on Aueust
7, 1890, he was married to Mary Gallagher.
She is still living, and it is charged that on
November 21, 1891, Goodwin married Sadie
O'Neil, also in Brooklyn.
The police say Goodwin while employed
by the firm of Perkins & Edwards in this
city in 1892 fled with $400 belonging to the
firm. They also say he stole $150 from
Spencer & Son of Brooklyn.
SEIZED JEWELS TO BE BOLT).
At Public Auction the Zeroux Gema Will
Be Ditpoeed Of.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.-United
States Marshal Hayden has been author
ized to advertise and sell at public auction
the famous Leroux jewels, which were
seized by the customs authorities in 1893.
This will be the largest sale of the kind
ever held in Brooklyn. The property con
tains about 1300 pieces. The actual value
of 'he diamonds is about $14,000. ..
The story of the seizure is interesting.
In May, 1893, Jennie Ball, a young French
woman, was arrested in Brooklyn while
trying to pawn a number of diamonds. It
was suspected she had stolen them. De
tectives found on her person and in her
jewels worth $125,000. She was arrested to
gether with a man named Eugene Leroux,
who was mixed up in the affair, but it was
afterward found that the jewelry had been
smuggled into the country by a French
jeweler named Fleischman, who, getting
into debt in France, had packed up all hia
jewelry and deserting his wife fled to
America. Fleischman returned to France
before he could be arrested, but the dia
monds were confiscated by the Govern
ment.
Pearl Bryan's Burial.
GREENCASTLE, Ind., March 27.— The
remains of Pearl Bryan were removed
from the vault and buried in the Bryan
lot in the cemetery to-day.
Is the season for purifying, cleansing and
renewing. The accumulations of waste
everywhere are being removed. Winter's
icy grasp is broken, and on all sides are
indications of nature's returning life,
renewed force and awakening power.
Is the time for purifying the blood, cleans-
ing the system and renewing the physical
powers. Owing .to close confinement,
diminished perspiration and other causes,
in the winter, impurities have not
passed out of the system as they should,
but have accumulated in the blood.
Spring
Is therefore the best time to take Hood's
SarsapariHa, because the system is now
most in need of medicine. That Hood's
Sarsaparilla is the best blood purifier and
Spring medicine is proved by its wonder-
ful cures. A course of Hood's Sarsaparili*
now may prevent great suffering later on.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All dru??ists. 91
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Maw.
Hood's Pills ffiffg^gyK* uk
SPECIAL^ '
if Anderson's Apple Butter, ®
I a r a-lt>. Tiu 100. c|3
IJB ; - "Smith 1 * Weekly*' tel * al > about the ©
.VM Specials. Removal Sale c<>w in progres«. X
%M Freight prepaid 100 miles a nd over, ton
;Pa ; Smith's Monthly Cata *■•.*• free forpos- N^
I ffll Smiths' Cash store, gv
I . 41 4, 41 6, v 41 8 FRONT S T.. S. F. V
| 3 Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago *Sm
'MASSACHUSETTS
FOR TOM REED
Favored at the Republican
Convention of the
State.
DELEGATES PLEDGED.
The Platform Opposes the Free
Coinage of Silver and
State Banks.
MANLEY DOES SOME FIGURING.
By His Showing the McKinley Forces
Will Be Defeated at St.
Louis.
BOSTON, Mass., March 27.— The Repub
lican convention to elect delegates to the
St. Louis convention was called to order
shortly after 10 o'clock this morning by
the chairman of the State committee.
Most of the delegates wore Reed badges,
a: d Mr. Lyman's reference to the Maine
ptatesman in his opening address elicited
hearty applause. Senator Lodge also re
ceived a warm greeting when he appeared
on the platform. The committee on per
manent organization reported as their
choice for chairman Hon. Samuel "NY. Mc-
Cold of "Winchester.
The speech of the chairman was fre
quently interrupted by applause, and
especially well received were his insist
ence upon the policy of protection and
adhesion to the National standing of the
commercial world.
Senator Lodge, in rising to present the
report of the committee on resolutions,
■was again warmly received. The platform
declares for protection and reciprocity,
»nd demands especial protection for our
merchant marine, which, it declares,
would revive our shipping and cause ray
for American freight to be paid to Ameri
cans. It insists uoon the entire separation
of church and state, demands a restricted
immigration and sympathizes with the
Cuban revolutionists. The currency plank
and that championing Reed's Presidential
aspirations are as follows:
"We are entirely opposed to the free
and unlimited coinage of silver, and to any
change in the existing gold standard ex
cept by international agreement. Each
dollai must be kept as gooii as every othe
dollar. The credit of the United States
must be maintained at the highest point,
so that it cannot be questioned anywhere,
either at home or abroad. Every promise
must be rigidly kept, and every obligation
redeemable by coin must be paid in gold.
"We are opposed to the unsound and
dangerous system of State banks; we sup
port the National banking system and be
lieve that it should be so amended as to
give it room for expansion and oppor
tunities to meet the demands of the grow
ing business and population of the coun
try. We present to the National Conven
tion for nomination as President and we
urge all our delegates to give their earnest,
active support to a fearless leader, tried in
many hard conflicts — a man of National
reputation, of unblemished character, un
swerving Republicanism and great abili
ties, the Hon. Thomas B. Reed of Maine."
Hon. Henry Cabot Lodge, W. Murphy
Crane of Dalton, Hon. E. S. Draper of
Hopedale and Curtis Guild Jr. of Boston
were unanimously elected as deiegates-at
large to the St. Louis convention. Alter
nates were elected as follows: R. H.
Boutwell of Belmont, L. C. Southard of
Boston, R. F. Hawkins of Springfield and
S. E. Courtney of Boston.
The convention adjourned without
formality.
FIGURED OUT BY MAXLET.
gaya McKinley Will Go Down Before
Spanker Reed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.— J. H,
Manley sent to TV. Murray Crane the fol
lowing telegram to-day:
Washington, March 27, 1896.
Hon. W. Murray Crane, Republican State Con
vention, Boston, Mast.: In answer to your in
quiry thin is the situation as it will stand at
the end of tttis week: At the close of your con
vention there will have been 393 delegates
elected. Governor McKinley will have 162
delegates, provided you assign to him the en
tire delegations from Wisconsin, Indiana and
Minnesota. But there should be taken from
this number twelve delegates from the States
who have declared since their election in favor
of Mr. Reed, and as they were not instructed
they should be taken from the McKinley col
umn and placed in Mr. Reed's. This gives
Governor McKinley 150 delegates, Mr. Reed
72, Governor Morton 64, Senator Allison 38,
Penator Qua£ 26, Senator Cullom 10, con
tested 36.
You will see that this gives Mr. MoKinley 150
delegates against 210 anti-McKinley delegates.
The situation is precisely as it was twenty
years ago. You will remember that three
months before the convention met at Cincin
nati we were confident of Mr. Blame's nomin
ation. He stood then as the apostle of protec
tion, but he bad opposed to his nomination
Senator Conkling of New York, Senator Mor
ton of Indiana, Secretary Bextow, Governor
Hayes of Ohio and Governor Hartranft of
I'eunsylvania. We felt so sure of Mr. Blame's
nomination that we regarded it as settled and
yet he was defeated in the convention and the
Maine man went down before the Governor of
Ohio.
History will repeat itself at St. Louis. Gov
ernor Mi Kinley is and will be the leading can
didate before the convention, but he will have
opposed to him as candidates Governor Morton
oi New York, Senator Allison of lowa, Senator
Tullom of Illinois, Senator Quay of Pennsyl
vania and Mr. Reed of Maine.
You will find that the tables will be turned
and the Ohio Governor will go down before the
man from Jlaine. J. H. Manley.
HAVE yO SECOND CHOICE.
Prpublirant of lowa Are Solidly Arrayed
for Allison.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 27.—
Governor F. M. Drake of lowa and party,
who are to be present at the launching of
the big warship lowa to-morrow, arrived
in town to-diy. Tne party comprised
Governor Drake and his staff. Secretary of
State W. M. McFarland, State Auditor C.
C. McCarthy, State Treasurer John Her
riot and other prominent citizens and a
number of ladies, in addition to Miss
Mary Lord Drake.
Governor Drake was interviewed this
af-ernoon with reference to the Republi
can Presidential nomination. He said:
' We are all for Allison in lowa, and we
* re going to do all we can to secure him
the nomination for President by the Re
pubjcan convention at St. Louis. We be
lieve he is the man for the place and for
tti« times, and thai he will faithfully
serve all the best interests of the country."
"Have you a second choice?' 1 he was
asked.
"No, we have no second choice. Any
one from lowa who would go to the Na
tional convention with a second choice
would be anathematized."
REGISTRATION FRAVBB.
Thuga Are Operating Rather Boldly in
the City of Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., March 27.— Charges of
wholesale registration frauds have been
brought against Republicans and Demo
crats, notably in the First and Second
wards, where lodcing-house "colonizing"
is the alleged method of stuffing the regis
tration lists, and in the Seventh and Eight
eenth wards, the latter being full of cheap
lodging-houses. Arrests are expected
within twentj'-four hours.
The Election Commissioners were in
formed this morning that the Eighteenth
Ward registration books had been stolen.
While John Bellair, a Republican clerk of
election, was engaged in examinine the
books with a view to discovering fraudu
lent padding a gang of lodging-house
toughs broke into the room, knocked him
down and escaped with the official records.
The alleged frauds in th* Second Ward
are charged to the Republican candidate
for Alderman, and in the Eighteenth W T ard
to the Democratic candidate.
ALLISOX THE LOGICAL CHOICE.
General Clark son Talks of the Tresi
dential Outlook.
DENVER, Colo., March 27.— General J.
S. Clarkson of Dcs Moines. lowa, return
ing from a tour which embraced all the
Western and Pacific Coast States, stopped
over in Denver for the day to attend to
some business matters. In an interview
he declared that the McKinley boom has
been pushed too hard and would
end in disaster to the Ohio candi
date; that the West will sup
port a Republican candidate upon a con
servative protection and sound-money
platform, though they ask for silver, and
that Allison is the logical candidate upon
which the whole party can best unite. He
considers New York and Connecticut
doubtful Slates, and believes the Solid
South will once more vote the straight
Democratic ticket.
Democrats trill Holt.
DALLAS, Tex., March 27.— A meeting
of sound money Democrats was held here
to-day in which about 200 prominent poli
ticians took part. They practically deter
mined to bolt the party if a free silver
platform is adopted by the State Conven
tion, which action appears very probable.
WAR VESSELS ARE IDLE
Ships of the North Atlantic
Squadron Now Held Near
Old Point Comfort.
All the Officers, However, Detained
on Duty Ready for instant
Service.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.— A Snn
special from Washington says the annual
winter cruise of the North Atlantic squad
ron having been abandoned weeks ago for
fear that its presence in the West Indies
might be construed as an unfriendly act to
either Great Britain or Spain, the Navy
Department is now considering what is
best to do with the ships until the weather
grows milder and the summer tour cf the
New England summer resorts can be
made. With the exception of short runs
outside for target practice none of the ves
sels of the fleet have been to sea for any
length of time, and as there is no better
place to keep them than Hampton Roads
the department has retained the entire
squadron there throughout the winter.
There will soon be several additions to
the force, and it is now perplexing the
authorities how to employ the time of
the vessels until June or July, when it
generally proceeds to Newport and the
Maine coast. It is conceded that so long
as the Cuban situation is prominent
it will not be possible to send any
of the ships even to the Gulf of Mexico
for landing drills and target practice,
and as the weather will probably be not
suitable for open sea drills for several
weeks it seems improbable that the de
partment can rind other duty for the
fleet than to keep it near old Point Com
fort.
At present the ships are well supplied
with all the equipments the)' would re
quire for an extended cruise and have
been held in readiness throughout the
winter to move on a few hours' notice.
No officer has been permitted, under
orders of Admiral Bunce, to get beyond
signal distance or the sound of a gun,
and when it has become necessary to
give the men liberty it has been necessary
to take the vessels separately either to
New York or Norfolk for brief stays. For
several weeks the admiral has per
sistently declined to grant requests for ex
tended leaves, and except for short runs
up to Norfolk few officers or his command
have been absent from the fleet since De
cember 15 last.
Fleeing From a Suitor.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March 27.— Two
young women, giving their names a? Miss
A. H. O'Hearn and Miss C. A. Smith of
New York, left yesterday on the steamer
Comanche for New York. They reported
that a rejected lover of Miss O'Hearn, a
New York broker, had been made insane
by his disappointment, and was pursuing
the young women with the avowed inten
tion of killing Mies O'Hearn. Detectives
were stationed at the whart to prevent
him boarding the steamer, but he did not
appear. The names given by the women
are believed to have been assumed to
avoid notoriety.
Heath of Frank Sweeney.
CHICAGO, 111., March 22. — Frank
Sweeney, ex-grand master of the Switch
men's Mutual Benefit Association, now
the National Switchmen's Union, died at
his home here this morning after suffering
a long time from consumption. He was
compelled to relinquish the high position
which he held in National labor circles as
grand masier of the switchmen's organiza
tion on account of the defalcation of the
National treasurer, which ruined the union
financially and finally disrupted it.
Passed as Langdon's Niece.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 26.—An
other feature of the celebrated . Langdon
and McGrath case was made known to
day. The young girl, Miss McGrath, while
practically living upon Langiion and pos
ing as his" niece, was playing ; fast and
loose with another man, and to the latter
Miss McGrath was the promised wife. His
name is Fitzsimmons, and he is a wealthy
jeweler in Westchester, Pa.
Avoided. Another Strike.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 27.— The
employes of the Union Traction Company
claim that the company has violated the
agreement made after the recent strike
and will lay their grievances before the
citizens' peace committee. At a meeting
last night a motion to begin another
strike was avoided by the 1 nanow margin
of 16 to 14.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
CHEROKEE FLAT
MINE SUIT ENDS
Judge Prewitt's Decision
in the Spring Valley-
Litigation.
THE BONDHOLDERS WIN
Defeat of the Bank of California
After a Battle of Eight
Years.
OPERATIONS TO BE RESUMED.
Famous Hydraulic Property From
Which Over $13,000,000 Has
Been Taken.
OROVILLE, Cal., March 27. — Judge
Prewitt of Placer County, sitting as a
Court of Equity, to-day handed down his
decision in the big mining-bond suit which
The Famous Spring Valley Gold Mine at Cherokee, Butte County, Which lias
Been Closed by Litigation for Eight Years.
[From a pholograph.\
involved the possession of the famous
Spring Valley mine at Cherokee Flat. He
has decided in favor of the bondholders
and against the Bank of California and
Hideout & Smith. He orders the fore
closure of the bonds, representing $150,000
in principal, with $130,000 of interest that
has accumulated since the suit was begun
eight years ago, and directs that Receiver
■\Vhitcomb, who is in charge of the prop
erty, shall proceed to advertise the sale of
the mine in accordance with the foreclos
ure proceedings.
In the opinion filed to-day Judge Prew
itt holds that the deiendants are estopped
from questioning the validity of the mort
gage; that the plaintiffs are entitled to
have and recover a judgment against the
defendants, the Spring Vallej Gold Com
pany, for the sum of $151,000 principal and
$129,759 33 interest due to February 1, 1896,
and interest on said principal sum from
February 1, 1896, until judgment; that the
property rights ana easements are subject
to the lien of the mortgage ; that the plain
tiffs are entitled to a judgment and decree
of sale of the mortgaged property, ritxhts
and easements according to law and to
apply the proceeds to the expenses of the
sale and of the receiver, both before and
after judgment, and the compensation of
themselves and their attorney and to the
payment of the principal and interest due
on tile mortgaged debt; that the defend
ants and intervenors and all persons
claiming # or to claim under them subse
quent to the execution of the mortgage be
barred and foreclosed of all right, claim or
equity of redemption; that the Spring
Valley Gold Company pay any deficiency
which may remain after applying all the
proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged
premises; that the plaintiffs are entitled
to an order continuing in office the re
ceiver: that his bond be fixed at $10,000,
and that it be executed to the State of
California, with ar. least two sufficient
sureties; that his powers continue the
same as heretofore; that he be authorized
and directed to sell the mortgaged prop
erty in the manner provided by law; that
the plaintiffs submit to the court at least
once each year a detailed statement under
oath showing the disposition made by
them of the tiust funds received under
these findings, and that they do not re
move from the jurisdiction of this court
any fund or funds held by them in trust,
and that all payment of bonds be only
upon the actual surrender of them and
physical cancellation of the bonds and
coupons at a point within this State, un
less upon supplemental motion or petition
the court sball otherwise order.
The litigation over the well-known
Cherokee mine, which ha 3 produced over
$13,000,000 in gold, has been going on for
more than eight years and has become
one of the notable mining suits in the
State. A number of prominent attorneys
in San Francisco and Butte County, where
the property is located, have been con
nected with the case. The counsel for the
bondholders has been T. Z. Blakeman of
San Francisco. Arrayed on the siue of
the two banks has been C. W. Cross, J. M.
Allen, F. C. Lusk of Chico and Major A.
F. Jones of Oroville. The decision is a
decisive victory for Attorney Blakeman,
who alone has fought the case from the
atart. Every possible point has been bit
terly contested by both sides.
The principal holders of the bonds are
Louis Glass of San Francisco, David Gage
of Oakland, A. Foster Higgins, Charles F.
Post, C. M. Fry and W. L. Jenkins of New
York.
The suit to foreclose the bonds was filed
in 1888, and it is only now that the de
cree of foreclosure is judicially granted.
While nominally ehe suit has been be
tween the bondholders and the Bpring
Valley Company in reality it has been
maintained by the bondholders against
the Bank of California and the Rideout
& Smith bank, the property long ago
having passed into the possession of these
two institutions.
The grounds of the contest madeagainst
the bonds by the banks were of a technical
nature, it being admitted that the bond
holders paid in their money in good faith,
the proceeds of which was used in the bet
terment and development of the com
pany's property.
The Cherokee mine is one of the largest
and richest hydraulic mines in the State.
The records of the company show that
over $13,000,000 in gold has already been
taken out, with the yield apparently inex
haustible. Since the commencement of
the litigation the operation of the prop
erty has been suspended and the once
booming mining camp of Cherokee Flat
has gradually been given over to the
ground squirrel. At the time of the final
shutting down the mine employed 200 men
and consumed three times as much water
in a day as does the City of San Francisco.
The company owns its own system of
ditches, which are the most extensive in
the State. It has over 100 miles of tese
ditches, embracing one of the largest
water sheds of the Sierras. The system is
capable of supplying 5000 miner's inches
in the driest Beason of the year. Tiie
original cost of the pipes, ditches and
flumes was $750,000. A system of canals
thirty miles long and 1500 feet wide, which
cost o ver $500,000, conveys the "debriß"
out across the Sacramento Valley onto the
tules bordering on that liver.
Some eminent mining men have been
connected with the property during its
operation. Its last manager before the
beginning of the litigation was Louis
Glass, now the general manager of the
Sunset Telephone Company.; His prede
cessor was Garney Williams, the present
manager of the world-famous Kimberley
diamond mines of South Africa, Mr. Wil
liams resigning his position at Cherokee
to accept the African offer.
The mining bonds were originally issued
by a New York corporation which was
the owner of the Butte County mine. Sub
sequently the stockholders formed a com
pany under the laws of California, which
were believed to be more favorable to
mining companies, and transferred all its
assets to the new company. The new
company, in consideration of the transfer,
agreed to assume all the debts of the old
company and especially that created by
the bonds.
The mortgage became matured in 1884,
but suit in foreclosure was not instituted
until one day of the lapse of the four
years' statute in 1888. At the time of the
riling of the suit the company was in
debted to the Bank of California and Ride
out & Smith for $50,000. The banks insti
tuted a search for possible technicalities
in the issuance of the bonds, and thinking
that they had discovered one, they ob
tained judgments against the company
and proceeded to sell the property at
Sheriff's sale. Owing to the question as
to the validity of the bonds the Danks ob
tained possession for the amount due
them, no one else caring to bid on the
property.
The main point raised by the banks, as
to the validity of the bonds, was decided
by the Supreme Court in favor of the
bondholder.
The statute of limitations which was
also raised and which Judge Prewett has
just now decided in favor of the bond
holders is considered by the attorneys to
be of minor importance and it is not even
known whether an appeal by the banks
will be considered worth taking.
A I'OKTLAXIt HEIR.
Claim of* a Blacksmith to Philadelphia
Property. \
PORTLAND, Or., . March 27.— A. C.
Lohmire, a blacksmith of this city, is one
of the lucky heirs %to the Daniel Pegs
estate of Philadelphia. Mr. Lohmire ' has
just been discovered by the lawyers who
are engaged in working up the case. There
are five heirs, and should the courts decree
in their favor there is ; a $70,000,000 1 estate
to be divided up. It consists of thirty-four
acres- of valuable land in the -heart; of
Philadelphia. This land was owned :; by
Pegg in early days. In 1793 Pegg leased it
for a '£ term '■■; of ninety years. •. The ;
rents have - not \ been paid _ for ; over ; forty :•
years and all Philadelphia is excited over
the fact ' that the • heirs may - establish
their claim of ownership to thelana. The
other heirs are confident that their claim
is valid." and .they are determined to nave
an investigation ' and, if ' possible, recov er.
their ancestor's wealth, which * strangers
have beeu enjoying for a generation*
ELOPE FROM
LOS ANGELES
Flight of C. A. Sayre and
the Wife of Smith
Oliver.
HE DESERTS A FAMILY.
The Runaway Couple Believed
to Have Crossed the Line
Into Mexico.
EMBEZZLEMENT STORY DENIED
Sayre's Accounts With His San
Francisco Employers Said to Be
All Right.
LOS ANGELES, Cal. March 27.— A
sensation was caused here to-day by the
announcement that C. A. Sayre, a well
known mercantile agent, representing C.
P. Weber & Co. of San Francisco,
had eloped with another man's wife and
his employer's money. The sum was said
to be $6000, but it has since developed that
this part of the story is not true. At least
a friend of Sayre purports to have received
a telegram from Weber & Co., stating
that Fayre's accounts with the firm are
straight.
The rumor about the money originated
from the fact that Sayre secured for Weber
& Co. from the City Board of Edu
cation a contract for furnishing some of
the new schoolhouses. A demand for
$6000 on this contract was cashed a few
days ago, and this money, it was rumored,
Sayre had made away with, but the firm's
denial seems to set the matter at rest.
Sayr^, however, has to all appearances
eloped with another man's man's wife.
The woman is Mrs. Smith Oliver. The
husband admits that she ran away with
Sayre and he is heart-broken. Oliver is
an attache of the Sheriff's office and is
well thought of. He and his wife boarded
at the St. Lawrence House, where Sayre
also had rooms. It is alleged that an in
timacy sprang up between Mrs. Oliver and
Sayre, whoijis also married, which ripened
into love awd they planned an elopement
and are now supposed to be in
Mexico. Sayre paid his room rent
at the St. Lawrence Jast Saturday,
drew $1000 which he had on deposit in
a bank, disposed of a stock of spectacles
valued at $300 and has not since been seen.
On the same day Mrs. Oliver pretended
that she was going to Pasadena to visit
friends, and she, too, never returned. Oli
ver began a quiet inquiry and soon came
to the conclusion that his wife, to whom
he had been wedded thirteen years ago,
had played him false, but shunning public
disgrace and hoping she would return he
confided his trouble to only a few intimate
friends. Sayre's friends supposed he had
left town on business, so the story of the
elopement was kept quiet for nearly a
week.
Sayre's wife and daughter, the latter 17
years old, and a son aged 13, live on a bee
ranch at Nordhoff, Ventura County. Mrs.
Sayre never suspected infidelity on the
part of her husband, whose business kept
him from home most of the time. The
news of the elopement was a great shock
to her. Only recently Sayre took Mr. and
Mrs. Oliver to Nordhoff to visit his family.
Mrs. Oliver's parents, who live at High
land Park, are greatly grieved over her
course and have invited Mr. Oliver to
share their home.
JUOGE RETMERT'S CAREER.
Secured a Fortune From thm Jh'amnut
Silver King Mine.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 27.— Judge
James de Noon Keymert, who died at his
home at Alhambra Tuesday evening of
Bright's disease, and was laid to rest to
day, had a notable career. He was a na
tive of Norway, and claimed close ki.iship
to the royal family of that country, being
able to trace his lineage back to
King Canute of Denmark. After working in
the copper mines in Wales and srraduating
from a law school at Edinburgh, he came
to America when still a very youne man.
He settled in the wilds of Wisconsin and
began life there as schoolteacher, after
ward devoting himself to the practice of
law. Owing to the prominent part he took
in framing the constitution of Wisconsin
as a State he became known as one of the
"fathers of Wisconsin." After the State
was admitted he served five years in the
As-embly and three in the Senate, repre
senting Milwaukee city and county. He
was for a number of years i" charge of the
United States land office of Milwaukee and
in 1860 ran for Congress on tlio Douglas
Democratic ticket and was defeated.
When the Civil War broke out Reymert
went to New York City and practiced law,
his income from this source amounting to
$50,000 a year. While in New York he
was elected Judge of the Circuit Court of
Appeals and served one term. His health
failing in 1877 he went to Chile, where he
engaged in mining and ranching on a
large scale until 1884, when he went to San
Francisco and resumed law practice.
Being threatened with pulmonary
troubles he soon removed to Arizona,
where he prospected, located and opened
the famous Silver King mine, which made
him a fortune. In 1889 he gave up active
mining and came to Los Angelea, again
devoting his attention to law. He pur
chased a fine suburban Dome at Alhambra,
where he died suddenly on Tuesday at the
age of 74.
JACKSOX, THE STRASGLER.
Captain Lee* Askt That the Sentencing
of the Culyrtt ¥te Postponed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 27.— Frank
P. Jackson, who throttled a woman in a
disorderly house last night and is sus
pected of being the San Francisco stran
gler, pleaded guilty to the charge of cat
tery in the Police Court to-day and will be
sentenced to-morrow. As he was inter
rupted before he left any marks of vio
lence on the woman no more serious
charge than battery could be placed
against him. Jackson has little to say
about the matter and answers questions
evasively. The police are still of the opin
ion that he is a dangerous man.
Captain Lees telegraphed to Chief Glass
to-day to postpone the sentence until he
had time to communicate with Glas3 by
mail. It is understood that Lees tele
graphed at the request of Jackson's brother,
who has an explanation to offer. The
police are reticent about the matter, and
interesting developments are expected
when L es' letter arrives. The denizens of
the tenderloin district are greatly excited
over the occurrence.
Harinan Acquitted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 27.— The
jury in tiit; case al Louis J. Harinaa, aa
trial for the murder of Thomas Carroll,
this evening brought in a verdict of not
guilty, holding that the homicide was
committed in self-defense.
A Divorcee at Administrator.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 27.— E. L.
Campbell and R. C. Goodspeed, the di
vorced husband of Mrs. Lucy C. Good
speed, were appointed administrators of
the latter's estate this morning, and, in
her place, the administrators of the will of
Mrs. Annie E. Pratt. They gave bonds in
the sum of $36,000. Charles P. Hanlon,
who was attorney for Mrs. Goodspeed,
was in court, but he interposed no oDjec
tion to anything that was done.
BORN MM WASHIXGTOti'S TIME.
Death of a Colored Woman at the Age of
108 Trmrm.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 27. — Mrs.
Lucy Arthur, said to have been the oldest
woman on the Pacific Coast, died this
morning. Born in slavery and having
lived in bondage for a half century; the
mother of seventeen children, of whom
but two survive, the younger being 50
years old; died at the remarkable age of
108 years, 3 months and 23 days— that, in
Drief, is the history of the aged colored
woman whose longevity has been the as
tonishment of all who have known her.
She possessed all her faculties to the last
and up to yesterday could thread a needle.
Mrs. Lucy Arthur was born in Knox
County, Ky., and for fifty years did not
know what it was to Dreathe the air of
freedom. For over thirty years she had
lived in this city and was known as
"Auntie" Arthur. She had seen several of
her children grow to manhood and woman
hood, become fathers and mothers and
finally die of old age. Recently she
buried her only surviving daughter, old
"Auntie" Cleggett, who had attained the
age of 73 years. Her eldest surviving son
is three score and six.
Mrs. Arthur was born when the Revolu
tionary War was fresh in tne minds of
everybody, and a year before Washington
was inaugurated as the first President of
the United States. Besides her own chil
dren, six grandchildren survive her. She
will be buried from the colored Baptist
Church on Sunday.
HAIL AKJ* LIGHTA'iyO.
Damage Done to Stockton Fruit Trees by
a Storm.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 27.— Stockton
was to-night visited by a terrific hail
storm, accompanied by thunder, lightning
and wind. The hail fell in large quantity,
and some of the fruit orchards now in
blossom will suffer severely.
ljyndall Miller, a prominent real estate
man, was on his way home whtn over
taken by the storm, and took refuge under
a large tree. An electric current passed
down the tree and struck him, throwing
him to the ground and stunning him. He
was taken to his home and will be con
fined to his room for several days.
A number of chimneys were cracked
and broken by the lightning.
ARRESTED AT GRAYSON.
Rancher Canty and His Brother
in-Law Are in a Serious
Predicament.
Arraigned for Taking "White Hat"
McCarty's Horses Out of a
Receiver's Hands.
MODESTO, Cat.., March 27.— Another
chapter TOM to-day added to ihe disgust- i
ing horse-starving episode on the J. M.
Canty Ranch, near Modesto. Rancher
Canty, who allowed over half a hundred of ;
"White Hat" McCarty's horses to perish
and 240 others to become so feeble from I
lack of nourishment that they will never i
fully recover, all because McCarty failed j
to advance money for their pasturage, was j
arrested. His brother-in-law was also !
taken into custody. The two had taken I
the remainder of McCarty's horses out of ;
the hands of a receiver and driven them
to a corral in Grayson.
Several weeks ago McCarthy was ar
rested for failing to pay for food for his \
band of thoroughbreds, many of which j
have jow records as trotters and sprinters, j
He was acquitted, but the horses were
attached and placed in the hands of a re
ceiver. He removed them from the barren
corral in which they had suffered the
pangs of hunger and which contained the
carcases of dozens that had succumbed
and placed them in a good pasture.
District Attorney Fulkerth and County
Assessor Campbell were notified to-day
that Canty and his brother-in-law, Mc-
Donald, had taken the horses from this
tield and driven them to Grayson yester
day. These officials at once procured war
rants for the arrest of the pair for illegally
removing property under attachment by
the county. They were apprehended and
arraigned. McDonald was released on his
own recognizance and Canty gave bail,
with J. M. Ritchey and \V. A. Funck as
sureties.
Tue charge against them is considered a
grave one, and it is believed that Canty
will at last be made to suffer, in a meas
ure, for having deliberately starved dumb
brutes to death.
The remainder of McCarthy's horses
will be sold for personal-property tax on
Monday next.
GIFT TO SAyiA. CRUZ COVMY.
Claua Spreckela Donates Valuable Land
for a JPubtie Highway.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., March 27.-Clau3
Spreckels has evidenced his interest in the
welfare of Santa Cruz County by donating
to it a strip of land fifty feet wide and a
mile long, extending from the county road
to Aptos Beach, to be used forever as a
public highway. This donation is an
preciated, from the fact that a few years
ago the strip was the subject of litigation,
the county claiming it as a public high
way, while Mr. Spreckels contended that
it was his private land. The result of the
litigation proved that Mr. Spreckels' con
tention was correct. Now he has donated
the strip to the county without considera
tion, his only desire oeine that the public
shall use it. The land donated is very
valuable.
NEW TO-DAT.
A Whole Library
of Bicycle =
The Columbia Catalogue is not a mere
price-list. . It gives convincing reasons
why all who love pleasure and comfort
in bicycling should select
.STANDARD OF THE WORLD.
$ IQQto all alike.
Your knowledge of bicycle making will
grow by reading this interesting book.
ff if you «Bbu
LOCKEFORD LAND
UNDER WATER.
Ranches Are Inundated by
an Overflow of the
Mokelumne.
MISTAKE OF A FARMER.
Cuts a Levee for Irrigating Pur
poses and Fails to Control
the Torrent
GREAT DAMAGE IS EXPECTED.
Efforts to Repair the Break Prove
Unsuccessful— Hop Crops May
Be Ruined.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 27.— W. 8.
Montgomery, who lives about a mile from
Lockeford, yesterday cut the levee of the
Mokelumne River, which passes through
his place, and as a result the country for
several miles around is under water. Sev
eral farms are inundated, and the loss will
be heavy.
Montgomery cut the levee for the pur
pose of letting the water in on to his Jand
to irrigate it, but in the meantime the
river rose suddenly as a result of the re
cent rain and it was impossible to mend
the cut before the water had spread OTer
the country. It continues to pour through
the cut, which is becoming larger, and
there is danger of the hop region, which is
on higher ground, being also flooded. In
that event the loss will be very great. The
water is creeping up to the more elevated
ground, and the hop-growers are greatly
alarmed.
The break in the levee is now twenty
feet wide and eight feet deep. An attempt
is being made 10 stop it, but it is almost
impossible to do an3'thing so strong is the
volume of water pouring through the cap.
A small levee recently built by Rancher
Kerr on the side of the main levee was not
strong enough to cneck the rush of watera
and was washed away.
As yet it is impossible to estimate the
loss. If the river should fall in the next
few days and the water p"ass off the land
damage to the crops might not be so great
as is feared. It is possible! that a damage
suit will be brought against Montgomery
for cutting the levee.
A telephone message from Lockeford at
a late hour this evening says: The watera
in the inundated district are still rising
and the trouble is greatly aggravated by
the heavy rainfall in the upper country
this afternoon. The farmers are greatly
alarmed, and it is feared the levees below
the original break will give way before the
pressure of the water running through the
place where the cut was made. The warm
weather for the past few days has started a
large volume of snow water down from the
mountains. The people about Lockeford
will make an effort to-morrow to stay vhe
flood by placing artificial filling across the
cut and then pumping the water back into
its original channel.
JUererd Hx-Itanher Arrested.
MERCED, Cal., March 27.— J. W.
Howell, ex-cashier of the defunct Merced
Bank, was arrested to-day charged with
Deriury. Bank Commissioner Fuller swore
to the warrnnt. He waa admitted to bail
in the sum of $1500.
NEW TO-DAY.
LADIES
LOOK!
- Look at our display of Boys' Reefer Suits
at $2.50 ; our Boys' Long-trousered Suits
at $5.00.
Those windows! See those Men's* All-
Wool Tailor-made Suits at $10— and see if
your men folks are not paying up to $15
for.the same suits.
And the HAT window— the Men's and
Boys', Fedoras at 95 cents. v -
Those ties— man's only — such
swell ones at 50 cents.
Don't go wondering why we can under-
sell others on first-class goods— we KNOW
and will tell you.
COME IN!
Bicycle and Onting Suits, Sweaters, etc.
v-s^9 : T>-33-35S7'ffIffi]i{Y St^
The Great Mail Order House. 1
2E*OH
Alaska Gold Mines
rpHE FAST AND COMMODIOUS PASSENGEB
■L Steamship.
■■ % O. J. HUMPHREY, Master,
Will sail from MISSIOIS-ST. WHARF at I'OJa. M.,
SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896,
For Cooks Inlet Gold Mines via "The Portage,"
the only direct route to Cooks Inlet Gold Mines.
For passage or freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALIX6 CO..
3O California Street.
mma&s
§Jw 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
ing alt forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. I Over 20 pars' experience. I Book sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9to 3 dully: 6:30 to 8:30 evening. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address •
IV BOSCO X no\TLTT. M. ».,
, ae.'i Kearajr Street, tea JPa-anciaco, €»••
34
MAY RETURN TO
VIRGINA CITY
Tangerman Is Willing to
Brave the Miners'
Wrath.
REQUEST FOR TROOPS.
Acting Governor Sadler Asked
to Invoke Government
Protection.
SHERIFF WILL DO HIS DUTY.
The Executive Says the State Cannot j
Furnish a Private Bodyguard
of Soldiers.
CARSON, Nev., March 27.—Correspond
ence that passed between Attorney W.
T. Baggett and acting Governor Sadler
to-day leads to the conclusion that an at
fempt will be made to return H. W.
Tangerman as superintendent of the Hala
& Norcross mines at Virginia City. Tan
german was recently escorted from the I
town by a crowd of miners and warned |
never to return. Governor Sadler received
the following to-day:
San Francisco, March 25, 1896.
Dear Sir: The unlawful conduct of certain
citizens of your State In kidnaping and by
force compelling H. W. Tangerman, a reputable
citizen of this State, to leave Virginia City, has
naturally met the condemnation of all right
thinking, law-abiding people. Mr. Tangerman
has informed me that he conversed with you
concerning this matter, with a view to seeing
what, if any, protection you, as the chief ex
ecutive of the. State of Nevada, could afford
him In case 'he should insist upon his lawful
right to continue his busiues-ti as superin
tendent of the Hale & Norcross Mining Com
pany. I am not certain what your conclusions
were from Mr. Tangerman's statement tome.
I would therefore, as .his attorney, and as at
torney for the Hale <fc Norcross Mining Com
pany, respectfully ask you to now inform me
whether or not the State of Nevada could or
would furnish sufficient military force to re
instate Mr. Tangerman in his position at
Virginia City as superintendent of the Hale ■&
Norcross Mining .Company and insure him
protection from personal violence.
It is known that the application to the Sheriff
of therounty on behalf of Mr. Tangerman met
with either a direct refusal or a confession of
inability on the part of that officer to ufford him
protection from the outrage which he received
ou last Saturday at the hands of certain indi
viduals claiming to be members of the Miners'
Union at Virginia City. If it is impossible for
the State of Nevada to afford the necessary pro
tection to Mr. Tangerman to conduct his lawful
business, as is guaranteed by the constitution
of your Stute and every other State in the civil
izf-d world, then I ask if you will aid us in
making the proper representations to the Fed
eral Government for such aid as may be neces
sary under the circumstances of this aggravated
case.
Mr. Tangerman spoke very highly of you nnd
your sympathy for him in the embarassing
position in which he had been placed, for
which, allow me. on behalf of him and his
friends here, to thank you. Will you be kind
enough to answer this communication at your
earliest convenience, as I desire to to take some
action in the m;:tter! I should be very much j
pleased to meet you if you could find it con- i
venient to be in Pan Francisco at any very early j
date. Again thanking you for your considera- i
tion and sympathy, I remain yours very re
spectfully, \V. T. Baggett.
Acting Governor Sadler sent this reply:
State of Nevada, Executive Chamber, J
Carson, Nev., March 27 j
W. T. Baggctt, Esq. San Francisco— Sir: Your
communication of the 25th inst. duly received.
In reply would respectfully refer you to section
18 of an act approved March 6, 1893, Nevada
statutes, entitled "An act relating to the
National Guard and the ec rolled militia," and
further state that the Sheriff of Storey County
has personally assured me that he will extend
all the protection in his power to the Hale <fc
Norcross Company or to any person connected
therewith. Up to this date the executive
department of this State has received no official
notice oi any insurrection, riot or resistance to
the laws of this State, or any request from any
proper source for assistance In the execution
of the laws. You can readily understand that
It is not In the power of the chief executive or
of any officer to furnish a special bodyguard
for private purposes, and until the require
ments embodied in section 18, heretofore
referred to, are complied with I can take no
official notice of the matter. Respectfully,
Reinhold Sadler, Acting Governor.
8 AST A. ROSA'S UAlt-Ii SUIT.
Mock's Application for an Injunction
' .Submitted for a Decision.
SANTA ROSA, Cal..' March 27.—An
other phase of the celebrated suit of Wesley
Mock against the city of Santa Rosa was
ended here to-day. This particular Dart
of the litigation was the application of
Mock for an interlocutory injunction to
restrain the city from accepting the new
•waterworks. The case was tried before
Judge Daingerfield of San Francisco, who
is holding court in place of Judge Dough
erty, the latter Judge being disqualified
by reason of his " being a taxpayer. Five
days was occupied in taking the testimony,
and about the same amount of time was
consumed by the six attorneys interested
in the arguments.
Attorney Lynch of San Francisco opened
for the plaintiff and talked for nearly two
days., He -was followed by his colleague,
C. ,8. Farquar, who consumed . several
hours. Judge DeHaven then presented
briefly his view of the case for the city in
a terse and vigorous speech of two hours,
leaving the details of the defense to Judge
Butledge and; the City Attorney. Attor
ney Goodwin of San Francisco, for Con
tractors Perkins and Robert Effey, also
addressed the court in behalf of his clients,
and the long war of words was ended by
the plaintiff's lawyers in another day and
a half of talk. ■ :
FRESyo RIGHTS OF WAT.
Foreclosure Suits to He Begun by the
Committee of Ttn.
FRESNO, Cal., March 27.— The Com
mittee of Ten for securing rights of way
and depot sites for the San Joaquin'Valley
Railroad held a meeting to-day and took
steps to end ; ts work within fifteen days.
Three or four condemnation suits will
probably be brought. The railroad com
pany wants to begin worK here as soon as
rights of way are secured. It is an
nounced that work on the bridge across
the San Joaquin River, ten miles north of
the city, will begin within four weeks.
Rights of way througluMadera County are
nearly all secured.
WALLACE ACQUITTAL.
Georgia Jtyan, the bitty er of Albert P«
--; ■ qxiin. Hoe* free.
WALLACE. Idaho, March 27.— The pre
liminary hearing of Georgia Ryan, the
Burke woman who killed '■ Albert Paquin
on Friday night, ended to-day. There was
some conflicting testimony, but according
to all witnesses, Paquin was engaged in
the pastime of beating her either' at the
time of the shooting or immediately be
fore. The woman told ncr story without
a tremor in her voice, being the coolest
person in the room when she told of firing
the fatal shot. According to her story she
did not use the revolver until after Paquin
had knocked her down twice and kicked
her severely. She then fired four shots
into the air to frighten him before she
fired the fatal one. ~
L.ITEI) IX SAXTA BARBARA.
Career of Judge Huse, Kotc in an Insane
Asylittn.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 27.—
Judge Charles S. Huse, the Highlands
asylum inmate, to free whom a strong
effort is being made, was a well-known
resident of this city, and once a man of
great wealth. Judge Huse was sent to the
Napa a3ylum from this place about twelve
years ago upon the complaint of his wife.
He was a prominent attorney here, in
active practice for many years.
Judge Huso was a man of great natural
ability, a craduate of Harvard, and at one
time owned considerable land here. Both
the Judge and his wife were held in high
esteem, being generous to a fault, and it
was through his excessive liberality that
their large property was dissipated. When
about 55 years of age, he broke down men
tally, being harassed at times by strange
delusions, his one predominant fancy
beinir that there* were "devil threads" in
his clothing. The authorities at Napa
afterward declared that it was almost im
possible to keep him in clothing, nothing
but the stoutest duck being capal>le of re
sisting his constant hunt for "devil
threads." This peculiar habit is still
noted. Press reports state that his brain
appears to be perfectly clear, the only
peculiarity notable about him being a per
sistent picking at his clothes.
SAX SEnyARDIA'O GRIEVES.
Popular Mrs. Morse Confined in the
Highlands Asylum,
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 27.—
i One of the most popular society ladies of
San. Bernardino was taken from her home
I and friends to-day and placed in the
asylum at Highlands. She is Mrs. E. H.
Morse, and besides being a social leader
is a heavy stockholder in Hotel Stewart
j and San Bernardino National Bank, and
owns considerable land.
About eight years ago her husband, E.
H. Morse, who was cashier of the San
Bernardino National Bank, was murdered
in the bank while defending it against an
attempted robbery. Since that time Mrs.
Morse has changed, and her bereavement,
coupled with financial trouble, has tended
to unsettle her mind. She was aware that
she was losing her reason, but did not be
lieve the asylum would be her future
home. The parting scenes were pitiful,
and disinterested spectators shed tears.
MADERA COUNTY JUSTICE
j An Arbitrary Assessment Levied
Against "Cattle King"
Henry Miller.
Disastrous Result of Swearing Falsely
to the Number of His
" Stock.
MADERA, Cal., March 27.— The largest
arbitrary assessment ever made in Cali
fornia was to-day placed on the rolls of
this county by Assessor Lou Hoskins.
The assessment was against Henry Miller,
the cattle king.
Miller came here a short time ago and
cave to the Assessor his statement of the
number of cattle owned or controlled by
the firm of Miller <t Lux, and which were
in this county at 12 o'clock on the first
Monday in March of this year. The state
ment was sworn to, and was to the effect
that the firm had only 3000 stock cattle and
500 calves in this county at that time. The
Assessor discovered that there were in this
county at that time 5000 stock cattle, 500
calves and 1300 beef cattle, in addition to
the 3000 stock cattle and 500 calves sworn
to by Miller. The Assessor then made the
assessment arbitrarily at the values and
sums named, as follows: Five hundred
calves, $12,000; 5000 stock cattle, $320,000;
1808 beef cattle, $208,000.
It is believed that the Assessor got his
information some time a^o, when he and
his deputy went down on the Columbia
ranch presumably on a fishing trip.
JUDUE CALHOUX HEAD.
He Was for Many Tears on the TuJare
County Bench.
MADERA, Cal., March 27.— Judge E. E.
Calhoun, a pioneer of California, died to
day at his residence, at Hildreth. He was
a native of Kentucky and 71 years of age.
He was well known in politics in the early
days of this State, and was for a lone time
Judge of the County Court of Tulare
County.
Judge Calhoun was the father of Eleanor
H. Calhoun, who gained fame and distinc
tion on the London and Paris stage. Jessie,
another gifted daughter, was for a time
professor of elocution at the University of
the Pacific, San Jo*e. but resigned that
position to enter a wider field of labor.
SCORED BY A MKHCED JUDGE.
An Offender Whom the l^auf Let Off Too
Easily.
, MERCED, Cal./ March 27.— Charles W.
Adams was arrested las*. "Wednesday
charged with a henious crime. As there
was no law in the code covering the case
he was tried for cruelty to children. He
was brought before Justice Read yesterday
on three charges, and pleaded guilty to
each. Before being sentenced he pleaded
for leniency, but the Judge replied by giv
ing him six months in the County Jail on
each charge, and expressed sorrow that he
could not inflict a greater punishment.
Walks From a Carson Jail.
CARSON. New, March 27.— The term of
Barney Brule, sent to jail for three months
for taking $400 to Joseph Langevin, a wit
ness against James Heney, the bullion
thief, to induce Langevin to leave the coun
try, expired lately. In the United States
court this morning Judge Murphy,
Brule's attorney, read a petition asking
that the fine of $250 imposed against Brule
be remitted. Another petition, signed by
a number of Carson business men, was
also presented. The court remitted the
fine, saying that Brule being a poor man
hisfatui ly would suffer for it.
Monteetto's Public Library.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 27.—
The Montecito Hall and Library Associa
tion has incorporated, the following
directors being named for the ensuing
year: E. A. Buell, James Morgan, Leslie
E. Conklin, Thomas Hosraer and E. B.
Hill. The purpose of the association as
stated in the articles, is to direct and main
tain a public hall, library and reading
room for the convenience and benefit of the
inhabitants of El Montecito V alley, to pro
vide means for the support thereof, aud to
direct, manage aud control the enterprise.
Spokane Flooded With Jtoqus Coin.
SPOKANE, Wash., March 27.— This city
is being flooded with spurious silver dol
lars and half dollars by a gang of counter
feiters whosa capture the Government
officials are making active efforts to ao
complish.
Another Toadstool Victim at Chico.
CHICO, Cal., March 27.— A China
woman died here to-day through eating
toadstools for mushrooms. This makes
six deaths in all and more will follow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
SANTA ROSANS
ALL MOST VOTE
Every Resident Will Be
Asked to Deposit a
Ballot.
CONTEST GROWS LIVELY.
Interest Increasing as the End of
the Struggle Draws
Near.
SARA HALL HAKES A GAIN.
The Leader Adds Twenty-five Votes to
Her Plurality— Great Changes
Predicted.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 27.— The
voting for queen was light to-day, but Miss
Sara Hall increased her lead by about
twenty-five votes. The contest will end
one week from to-day, and it is expected
MISS SARA HALL, LEADER IN TUE SANTxV ROSA CONTEST.
[From a photograph.]
\ that balloting will now commence in ear
j nest. Next Wednesday has been selected
I for a general voting day, when every one
I in town will be asked to deposit one ticket
for his favorite candidate. It is believed
that fully 5000 will be cast on that day,
and there may be many changes in the
list. It is generally conceded that the race
will be between Mrs. L. W. Burris and
Miss Sara Hall, though Wednesday's vote
may upset all calculations. There are now
nearly 10,000 people in this city and sub
urbs, and one ballot from every third per
son would cause a change to come over the
spirit of some one's dreams.
All efforts are now being concentrated
to make the floral ball a success. Many
unique features will be introduced, among
them a complicated grand match to be led
by Charles Rohrer. This gentleman is a
past-master in ballroom tactics, having
carried off the first prize at a fashionable
"cake walk" given here several years ago.
and he will lead the merry dancers
through some evolutions not down in the
"Chambiiss Diary."
The first lot of 10,000 carnival envelopes
is exhausted and the committee has or
dered 20,000 more o! the same design. The
committee on decoration has ordered
several cases of fancy-paper decorations,
in carnival colors of green, red and yellow.
They will consist of shields, horseshoes,
stars and welcome mottoes, so constructed
as to allow the floral decorations to be
added.
It has been decided that special invita
tions to the floral ball will not be issued,
but that a general invitation will be ex
tended for all to attend, either upon the
dancing floor or as spectators.
SAN JOSE'S PAGEANT.
The Floral Procession Will lie Two Miles
Long.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 27.— The floral
parade on the opening day of the Carnival
of Roses in this city, in May, will be the
most magnificent pageant that ever
threaded the streets of a Pacific Coast city.
At least that is the outlook as judged from
the success with which Colonel A. K.
Whitton and other members of the parade
committee are meeting and the enthusi
asm displayed in carnival matters by the
people of the city and county. So far
thirty-six floats have been ordered, and it
is certain that twice this number in addi
tion will be in the parade, which will be
over two miles long.
A feature of the parade will be two com
panies of floral laucers, partaking of the
nature of cavalry. The companies will
appear in floral baldrics and the horses
will be covered with floral housings and
trappings. To add to this fine military
effect the lancers will carry floral lances
resting on their stirrups.
There will also be a large representation
of coaches, T-carts, dogcarts and other
fancy gigs owned and driven by the promi
nent ladies of the city and the county. A
large number of ladies have already en
tered upon this work. Their outfits will
appear to the very heighth of floral deco
rative work, and the effort is to be made
the greater because of valuable prizes that
will be offered.
The parade will consist of five divisions,
each headed by a band, and most of the
displays of the surrounding towns will be
preceded by* musical organizations. It is
estimated that the floats alone will make
a parade a mile long. Besides these there
will be private carriages and hundreds
upon hundreds of school children who
will be afoot.
The Santa Clara County Floral Society's
exhibit will be one of the most attractive.
Over $400 will be spent on it, and it will
require some 15,000 roses of one variety
alone to make up part of the decorations.
Other societies will have fine floats in the
parade. Grand Marshal Wright has ap
pointed Fred W. Moore as his chief of
staff and C. C. Derby of New Almaden as
his chief aid.
HEAVY TOTE AT HEALDHBURO.
Bliss Alice Ilaigh Advance* from Eighth
to Third Place.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., March 27.—Prep
arations for Healdsburg's floral festival
are progressing admirably, and the various
committees are already hard at work ar
ranging for the fiesta. To-day the heaviest
vote thus far was cast in the queen's con
test. Miss Alice Haigh, one of Northern
Sonoma's belles, jumped from eighth
place in the contest to third, and Mrs. C.
A. Thilo, the Cloverdale beauty, received
a heavy vote. Miss Edna Biddle still
leads, however, and her friends are mak
ing quite a show of strengtn.
Eureka to Hold a Fair.'
EUREKA, Cal., March 27.— The com
mittee appointed by the business men to
decide upon the expediency of holding a
district fair in Eureka reported favorably
on the question to-night, ftohnerville has
heretofore held the annual fair, but
Eureka has always been its greatest
patronizer The fair will be held in Sep
tember.
SXOW AT THE SUMMIT.
Hearleit Storm of the Season Raging on
the Mountains.
SUMMIT,,CaI., March 27.— The heaviest
snowstorm of the season has prevailed
here for the past two days. It is estimated
that nearly five feet of snow has fallen
since the storm commenced, late Wednes
day night. Previous to the snowstorm a
heavy ram prevailed for nearly four days,
robbed the Sierras of their white mantle,
and caused mother earth to manifest itself
in manj' places where its presence was
hitherto unknown at this season. The
present snowfp.ll redeems the name of the
Sierra Nevada. Haa it not occurred the
right to the title of "snow-capped' might
have been questioned.
No damage has occurred to track or
sheds in this vicinity. The snow was set
tling on the track this morning, near Tun
nel 13, but a flanger soon cleared the
track of all obstacles and trains are run
ning as usual. »
FORTLAXD X'RAT EXFERIMEXTS.
Bidden Object* Photographed With an
Ordinary Camera.
PORTLAND, Or., March 27.— The prin
cipal of the X-ray discovery has been
demonstrated in an interesting manner by
Dr. J. C. Perry of the United States Marine
Hospital here. He is an enthusiastic
amateur photographer, and has made a
successful experiment with an ordinary
camera. He prepared a small wooden
cabinet containing several articles, and
gave the camera-plate an exposure of
about three hours, with strong sunlight
striking down on «the box. The plate
when developed trave an impression of the
contents of the box ao as to clearly demon
strate th3t the rays of light penetrated the
box in that time." Dr. Perry has received a
Crookes tube, and is now making success
ful experiments with the new instrument
of science.
ki:els aw at FitOM fxesxo.
Evangelist Johnson Fear* the Wrath of
the Citizens.
FRESNO, Cal., March 27.— Rev. I. T.
Johnson, the evangelist who was driven
from Fresno last night, cannot be found
to-day, although reports were circulated
that he bad been seen on the streets during
the day. These reports are probably with
out foundation. It is believed the evan
gelist is hiding in the couniry a few miles
from town. It was announced this even
ing that he would preach at th« K-street
Church to-night, but he did not appear.
Sentiment against him is so strong that it
would be unwise for him to return to town.
Santa Harbara Burglaries.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 27.—
The depredations which have been annoy
ing citizens of Santa Barbara for the past
few weeks continue, but "with the same
paucity* of result. Wednesday night the
residence of Joseph Bates on Anapauu
street was entered and a toy savings bank
containing a small amount of silver
secured. The clothing of a gentlaman
sleeping in the house bore evideuce of
having been carefully examined for further
plunder.
Released From Diamond Point.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 27.—
The British ship City of Hankow, which,
after making the fastest run on record be
tween Callao and this port, was forced into
quarantine for twenty one days at Dia
mond Point, it in the bay, lumber laden,
from Hadlock for Mollendo, Peru. The
sick men have entirely recovered and bear
no evidence of the disease which caused
the vessel's detention and great loss to its
owners.
A Sorf. Throat, a Distressing Cough, Asthma
or any symptoms Indicating a rultionary or
Bronchial affection, are speedily removed by Dr.
i>. Jayne'g Expectorant.
DULL DAY FOR STRIKERS
The Situation Among Painters
Was One of Peace and
Hope.
VISIT TO THE CITY HALL.
Incompetent Workmen, Bad Materials
and Poor Work Said to Have
Been Found.
The situation in the painters' strike re
mained unchanged yesterday, which fact
was due largely to the rain and the partial
victory of the strikers. Many union paint
ers who had been working for some days
were compelled to desist yesterday be
cause of tne weather, but they made use of
their enforced idleness by meeting fellow
union men at 115 Turfc street and ex
changing cheerful views of their success.
There was a meeting of the Painters'
Union in the morning at Turk-street
Temple. It was an executive session. The
attendance was noticeably less than at re
cent gatherings of the union, but every
man present understood that this wa3 one
of the most hopeful and healthful signs of
the struggle. Indeed, one member re
marked that he wished there were fewer
present, meaning that in such event more
union painters would be working for in
creased wages and on the card system.
The decrease in this meeting was ac
counted for by the fact that a respectable
proportion of the members were engaged
in union shops about town upon indoor
work.
Practically no action of importance bear
ing upon the strike was taken at the meet
ing, for the reason there was nothing to
be done. So the time was profitably occu
pied in making and listening to short
speeches on the present condition and out
look of the strike. Harmony was a pre-
dominant feature of the discussions, mixed
with words of mutual encouragement and
something of an inclination to be con
gratulatory over success achieved so far.
"We are on the winning side," said R. T.
Mclvor, business manager of the union,
"and we know it.
"We expect that to-morrow and Monday
many bosses will ask us to come back to
work for them. Of course our union men
will accept, although on the understand
ing that everything required by the union
in regard to wages, working hours and the
card shall be adopted.
"While there are but a few shops belong
ing to the master painters in the associa
tion now employing union painters,
we have positive information that several
association bosses are growing dissatisfied
and are thinking of employing union men
immediately-' 1
"DOPE" ON THE CITY HALL.
Jobbery and Bad Workmen Said to
Be Found on the New Dome.
As an incident of the strike R. T. Mc-
Ivor paid a visit to the City Hall yesterday
just to ascertain what was the condition of
the men employed on the tower. What
he observed was enough to cause a vast
deal of trouble, and certainly it was a
revelation to the union workmen.
"I found a number of men painting, or
more correctlj daubing, the roof of the
tower," said he, "with some stuff that
looked like paint. It was evident from the
first glance that they were not tradesmen,
that they had not learned the trade of
painting, but were simply nothing more
nor less than laborers. And they were
.working for $1 a day. Think of it, men
putting a covering that looked like paint
on part of the roof of the City building for
f 1 v day !
"Their work made me suspicious thatall
was not quite right on that contract, so I
went downstairs to make an investigation.
I dug up the contract and found that it
had been grossly violated. The contract
was between the" City and Lewis & O'Con
nor, and, I believe, was sublet to some one
else. Its specifications provided that the
iron roof should be scraped and cleaned on
old and new work and should then be cov
ered with one coat of paint.
"When I went up there on the roof to
day I found that these laborers were put
tins: on the stuff over everything — rust,
dirt and water. They had not scraped or
cleaned the roof and were not doing so.
Besides the mixtures they laid on was not
paint; it might be a mixture of oil and a
little metallic, but it was no good.
"I shall see the superintendent of con
struction to-morrow and lay this matter
before him. If he does not choose to do
the right thing we shall make a stir about
it that may surprise people. In the event
that he would refuse to replace the men
at work with competent union painters,
we should call off the cornice-workers
now employed on the dome.
"While the Cornice-workers' Union is
not yet affiliated with the Building Trades
Council they are with itt to a man. There
are not more than eighty or ninety cornice
workers in San Francisco, but nearly every
one of ttiem is a member of the union, so
they are well organized and are expected
to come into the Building Trades Council
almost immediately. Of course I have rot
the power to call them off a job, but as
they are all in hearty sympathy with us I
hare their assurance of their support.
"If the superintendent do not pay any
attention we can only conclude that he is
not in sympathy with us. Anyhow, a
man in his position ought to know the
difference between a novice and an
experienced mechanic, not to speak of the
jobbery that was apparent."
EVASION OF THE CARD.
Master Painters Claim to Have
Found a Way Out of a
Dilemma.
The master painters will not admit that
the journeymen have anything the best of
it, but on the contrary are inclined to be
positive that the victory is on their own
side. Their president, E. H. Black, stated
that so far but one association shop had
acceded to the demands of the union, and
that was McCord's.
"McCord had to do it," said Black. "His
contracts were in dwellings, where the
carpets were all torn up and furniture
packed away, and the people demanded
that the jobs be finished.
"It was like getting an extension of time.
The day this work is done McCord can tell
his union men he has nothing more for
them to do, but at the same time he can
have non-union men on another job.
"The journeymen complain that the
card is not properly understood. One can
have different views on the subject. For
instance, the card provides that no mem
ber of the Painters' Union shall work on
a job with a non-union painter. It does
not say anything about not working in
an association shoo. Now, members of
our association might accept the card sys
tem, though I don't say they would, and
have only union painters employed on a
job where union carpenters, etc., were
working. At the same time the same
master painter may have a job over on
North Beach, and there is notning in th 6
card to prevent him from having four or
five non-union men doiug the work. You
see tbey could work by themselves, for
while union painters would object to york
on a job with non-union men there could
be no objection to this arrangement. So
•we have concluded that this cant is not
such a wonderfully clever thing after all.
"All the men who can— in and out of the
union— are getting work some place or
another. They have come to realize that
if the master painters should give in there
would not be any more men employed— at
most not more than fifteen to twenty men.
There is no work for all, so what can be
done either way, anyhow? Whatever
surrender there may be on the part of the
master painiers it will only be as an expe
dient that certain pressing contracts may
be finished. And then the union journey
men will be no better off than before."
CARPENTERS ASSIST.
The Powerful Union, No. 22, Lends
a Helping Hand to the
Painters.
Carpenters' Union No. 22 met last night
in Odd|Fellows' Hall, and without debating
the auestion decided to take 350 tickets for
the Painters' Union benefit to be given In
Bush -street Theater next Wednesday
night.
The carpenters also took notice of the
open mass-meetint? of the unions affiliated
in the Building Trades Council to be held
Tuesday night. At this meeting the im
portant question of putting the card into
effect on April 1, as already decided, will
be fully discussed.
As many as fourteen carpenters took aa
vantage last night of the present low ini
tiation fee of Union Xo. 22 and joined.
For the present the fee is ?2, but one
month hence it will be raised to $10.
SHOT IN A BARROOM.
••Bull" Harrington Probably Fatally
Wounded by Saloon-Keeper McNulty.
James alias "Bull" Harrington, a team
ster living at 1445 Minna street, was shot
and probably fatally wounded by James
McNulty, a saloon-keeper on Sixteenth
and Mission streets, last night. The
wounded man was carried to the Receiving
Hospital about 9 o'clock, Dr. Bunnell at
tending him.
Yesterday afternoon Harrington and
one William McNamara, both well known
in police circles, made a tour of the Mis
sion-street saloons, reaching McNulty's
place about (J o'clock. From the best evi
dence obtainable it seems that the two
men were excited and inclined to be de
cidedly belligerent. They called for
drinks in a very insulting way, and not
being served quite as quickly as they de
sired, began to abuse McXulty. The shoot
ing ensued with the result stated.
Harrington was found to be dangerously
wounded, and it was advisable to remove
him to the Receiving Hospital. The ball
lodged in the back, but the feeble condi
tion of the man would not admit of its
being probed for.
At 10 o'clock last night McNulty was
arrested and lodged in the Seventeenth
street station, charged with assault to
murder. He claims that the shooting was
done in self-defense.
XAXT IMMIGRAyTS IfETAiyED.
Undesirable Foreigner* Xot to Be Per
tnitied to Land.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.— 0f 500
Italians -who arrived from Naples on the
steamship Hindostan 100 have been de
tained at Ellis island because t^hey have no
money and no definite idea of what they
are going to do in America. The 100 had
an average of only $7 each, and many were
without baggage.
On the Chateau Yquem, which arrived
on Tuesday, there were 1205 Italians, in
cluding only thirty women, only four of
whom had railroad tickets west of Phila
delphia. They were a part of the multi
tude that hibernate 3in Italy and whan
warm weather comes here set sail for New
York. Most of them have no intention of
becoming; citizens.
Commissioner Senner has detained 400
of the Chateau's emigrants. The ship was
chartered by a man named De Lucia of
Naples from Funch, Edyee & Co., her
agents, and as Commissioner Senner does
not know anything: about De Lucia the ex
penses of the detention will fall on Funch,
Edyee & Co., who neglected to make a
contract with l)e Lucia providing that he
should assume the responsibility for de
tained and deported emigrants.
MIXI&TER WARD'S SPEECH.
Argued Against the JEttabllahtnent of a
■ j Sinking Fund.
LONDON, Enq., March 27.— A dispatch
from Wellington, New Zealand, says that
the report of the speech delivered at
Wintoh on Tuesday last by the Hon. J. G.
Ward, Minister of Marine, was inaccurate.
Mr. Ward was arguing against providing a
sinking fund, predicting that within fifty
years it would be necessary for the British
colonies to obtain millions of pounds to
assist in maintaining the floating defenses
of the empire. The original dispatches
lr-om * Wellington said that Mr. Ward de
clared that New Zealand must shortly ex
pect to have her debt largely increased.
The colony could not always expect Great
Britain to protect it, and. it would
soon be necessary to : obtain millions of
pounds to provide its own fleet. .V ;
ITon the Sefton Park Plate.
LIVERPOOL, Exg., March 27.— The
race for the Sefton Park plate of 500 sov
ereigus for two-year-olds, five furlongs,
was run to-day and was won by L. M.
Pilkington's filly Cannonberry by Crow
berry out of Canonoss. Taransay was
second and The Deceit colt third.
The Grand National steeplechase of 2000
sovereigns (inclusive of a trophy of the
value of 100 sovereigns), a handicap for
four-year-old 3 and upward, was run to
day on the Grand National course, about
four miles and 856 yards, over the s«me
line as last ypar. The race was won by D.
G. McCampbell'a The Soarer, aged. IX
Grenfell's Father O'Flynn, aged, was sec
ond, and W. C. Keeping's Biscuit, aged,
third.
Figcona Hot Plentiful.
ELKWOOD PARK, N. J., March 27.-
Nearly all of the sharpshooters remained
at Long Branch, Branchport and Red
Bank last night, and were on hand bright
and early this morning to take part in the
champion sweepstakes and the consolation
and Auld Lang Syne handicaps. There
was considerable disappointment mani
fested when it was announced that these
events had to be declared off owing to the
Jack of birds.
Dunfee Beat* JBatp.
BUFFALO, N. V., March 27.-It took
Joe Dunfee of Syracuse just one minute
and a half to prove his superiority over
Jack Baty, the colored champion of East
Buffalo, before the Empire Athletic Club
to-night.
Won by Cambridge.
LONDON, Esq., March 27.— The series
of athletic events between Oxford and
Cambridge to-day was won by the latter
team.
funeral of General Catty.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 27.-The
funeral s9rviCRS over the late General
Thomas I. Casey, United States army, oc
curred here this morning at the family
residence.
NEW TO-DAT.
Consumption
and lung troubles
To the Editor :— I have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and all Lurtg Diseases; also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing. By its timely use thousands of hopeless
cases have beea Permanently Cured. So
proof-positive am I of its power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, I propose to SEND TWO BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write me their
Express and Postoffice address. Sincerely,
t. A. SLOCUM, M.C.,
_. 183 Pearl St., New York.
wnen wntins the Doctor, please state you reart hia
letter In UUa paper and oblige-TaE Editok.
OUT OF HIS SKIN.
: An Oregonian Who Says That Bo
Might Be in That Pre- .
dicament.
He Proposes to Help In a Very Good
Work, and Has Good Reason
I to Do So.
: : ■"*
Some people in this world who are brimful
of happiness have the faculty of keeping that
fact to themselves, as though they were afraid
that some of it might escape and they would
be a little poorer on that account. But there
are sensible folks, though— enough to make up
for these poor misers, and one of these bright,
whole-souled men is Mr. E. W. Fowler of
Kamele, Or. Some time ago Mr. Fowler, who,
as has been noted above, was celebrated on ac-
count of his good nature and bis vivacity, be-
gan to droop a little. His smile had not that
sunniness nor his laugh that hearty ring as of
yore. Those who knew him began to sympa-
thize with him, to tell him how sorry they
were to see him "going down the hill," and »
hundred other equally dispiriting things.
And then they had Mr. Fowler as good as
under ground. But they were reckoning with-
out their host. I They forgot that be was a man
of good sense and knew where to look for help,
and they had neglected to remember that th»
grand old Hudson Medical Institute was still
in existence, and that its corps of great special-
ists were dally, nay, hourly, working wonder-
ful cures. The following letter will show how
wrong these prophets were:
KAMELK, Or.. August 8. 1895.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.— Gentlemen: Pleas* excuse my negli-
gence in not writing you before. Ido not think:
that I will need any more medicine, because I am
feeling so good now tbac if I felt any better I
would jump on of my skin with joy ! Many thanks
'to you for your valuable treatment. 1 can and will
distribute about a hundred of your new circulars.
Yours gladly. . E. \V. FOWLER.
You see, all the Joy has come back to that
man's heart— the'llfe and hope. And there
are many hundreds of hearts on this Coast that
are glad to-day, and all on account of the*
great skill of the specialists at the grand old
Hudson Medical Institute. -
Mr. George d. Bent of Rochester, Cal., says:
"By the time I have the medicine taken that I
have now I don't think I will need any more."
S. M. Hooker of Los Angeles: "I now feel as
though \ was a cured and well man."
Mr. J. T. Ward of Park City, Utah: "I am
cured of the terrible disease that I had."
Now, when there is a never-ending stream of
testimony like this continually pouring in to
the management of the great Hudson Medical
Institute (the grandest curative establishment
on this continent, if not in the world) how can
it be doubted but that there, is HOPE FOR
EVERY ONE UNTIL THE FAMOUS SPECIAL-
ISTS OF THE HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
HAVE TOLD YOU THAT YOU HAVE AN
INCURABLE DISEASE?
All the Following Cases Are Curable
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; alt
bronchial diseases; all functional nervous dis-
eases: St. Vltus' aance; hysteria: shaking palsy;
epilepsy; all venereal diseases; all kinds of blood
troubles; ulcers, wastes of vital forces; rheuma-
tism; gout; eczema; all skin diseases, from what*
ever cause arising; psoriasis; all blood-poisoning;
yaricocele: poison oak; lost or Impaired manhood ;
spinal trouble ; | nervous exhaustion and prostra- g
tion; Incipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lum-
bago: sciatica; all bladder troubles: dyspepsia;
Indigestion;. constipation; all visceral disorders,
which are treated .by the depurating department.
Special Instruments for bladder troubles. ' ."
■ Circulars and Testimonials of the Great Hudya*
sen: free. >
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills SU.
.— ; ■ ■— — 7
FAI L Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY;
San Francisco's Treacling Specialist,
QTJCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC!
k3 diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, ■ rupture, piles,
varicocele, bydiocele and swelling of the gland*.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulnesa, falling memory and ail the distress*
Ing Ills resulting from nervous debility positive!/
an i permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
His, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITK your troubles if llvtn? away from tat
city and advice will be given you free or charge.
Address F L. sWISANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (Opposite Examiner Office),
.. -■-■.- . San Francisco, Cat.
KB
TOStr
A smart Broadway, New
;/:, V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store it marks ; the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are-
busy, and that his store is -
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ? . :
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that :
______ . ." . , ~^%. .:■■ - ■ *■ ■■ '; "• ...V.
BHAVT YOU JLf^ V^ei^&ld soresH
«HA!fC TUU Colored Speff.f c^ te )I gsggH ;
ffluicers In Mouth, Hair-1 a!!^' n „," Sp^mSlTll
■Chloaco, 111., for pro ■■•* c ££k S lfiffl
Bio 85 day.. *™- p> S]^£mnm^J&
TanWfws
*~ Safe and SITRt- Always reliable. Tak»
Bosabetitnte. For sale r»«"drueßlsts. $2.00. Send 1
4c. for Woman' sSafegufl'*- WILCOX SPECIFIC
, co., south EIQB st.,piiilada,pa.jDIAMONDS FROM A CEILING
They Are Falling Rapidly in the
Palace of a Gentleman Who
Believes in the Great
Home Remedy.
FBOM EVERY QUARTER.
A Day Spent Among Some of the City's
Big Men on Various
Streets.
"You say that you are interviewing the
big merchants of the City," remarked a
friend of mine this morning os I was com
ing over on the boat. Like a score or more
of other people I have the fortune, eood or
bad, to live in Oakland, and recognizing in
me the individual who had been searching
for information as to the merits of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla he thought fit to
continue his query with this: "There is
no man better known in town than Colonel
Andrews; why don't you go and see him?"
I replied. "I should be delighted to, if I
could happen to catch the genial colonel."
"You would not wait for him, I sup
pose?"
I paid: "No; my business is to get at
haphazard the opinions of people whom I
may find, and to make an appointment
with a man would possibly give him time
to prepare a speech. I have found that
off-hand a man generally tells the truth,
and that happens to he jnst exactly what
is looked for in this inquiry— nothing
else."
"Well, I think it would be a satisfaction
to me at any rate," said mv friend, "if you
could quote so well known a man as
Colonel Andrews." And so I decided to
see him if I could.
In no instance, excepting this one. have
T gone back for an appointment. Time is
money, and it might savor a trifle of in
tention if I were to make arrangements to
meet any one at any specified time for a
particular purpose, and the plain aim has
neen to make these interviews the genuine
gist of popular opinion about Joy's Vege
table Sarssparilla. For the sake of variety
I trotted from one street to another, and
took the following interviews absolutely at
random:
THE OI.DFST OTTICTAN.
T got off the car just above the Examiner
office and wandered in a sort of aimless
way into the store — one micrht almost call
it a palace— of Mr. C. Muller, 824 Market
street. A man of my years feels if not a
sense of nwe at any Y.i'te a sense of deep
respect when interviewing a man like Mr.
Muller. No one who knows anything of
local history is not aware that he has been
foremost in promoting in San Francisco
the oculist's science. He has not been
backward in advancing moi. y for that
purpose, and since 1863 (just a mere mat
ter of thirty-three years') he has been
recognized as our best optician. Mr. Mul
ler is enthusiastically a Californian. It is
scarcely necessary to say that he was not
born here, but tie could hardly be more
"gripped with hooks of steel" to California
than he is. I asked Mr. Muller if he had
ever used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
He said: "Yes: I have used, I thintt, a
number of bottles." Then was question
and answer for about ten minutes, and the
gist of what Mr. Muller said was this:
"Some five years ago I was very mnoh
rnn down. I felt that change of life which
man sometimes feels; my health was j
fairly eood, but my energy was lacking.
I could attend to my business, but not in
the same way a" I had been accustomed
to— it was a little hit of a labor. I tried to
overcome the feeling, but could not, and
some one suggested to me that 1 should
try Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I did,
and its effects were so satisfactory from
the first bottle that I thought it best to
take another, and I can assure you that
for five years I have never been without it.
Don't imagine from this that I have taken
it continuously, or that I have taken the
dose prescribed of it re?nlarly. I found it
did me good and then I brought my com
mon sense to bear on the matter, and
eventually I found that a thimbleful was
enough to make me feel well enough to go
to business and to attend to it without
worry. In a word, it made a new man of
me. Should any one ask me as to the
benefit? that I have derived from its use,
why of course I should be more than
pleased to add my word of praise to the
score of people who have testified to you
about it. I have no hesitation in saying
that in my opinion it is the best pro
prietary remedy that we have, and 1 say
this simply and solely because it has done
me personally so much good."
Mr. Muiler has done a good deal for
science and for humanity in confining
himself exclusively or almost exclusively
to correcting errors of refraction in eve
pight. The oculist seems to have a dis
tinct objection to the optician going out
side of his given position of fitting glasses
to weak eyes, and so Mr. Muller has been
a little hit handicapped in his professional
investigations. Many of us remember
well (when he examined the eve with in
struments especially prepared by himself)
that he was able to detect Bright's disease
as clearly as Professor Barnard can see the
spots on the sun. But for some reason or
other he evoked , the jealousy of some
prominent oculists, and now Mr. Muller is
devoting his life to perfecting the business
or profession of an optician. That he
stands at the head of the men who follow
him can scarcely be doubted.
DIAMONDS DROPPING LIKE RAIN.
Faithful to the promise made. Colonel
Andrews was visited at his Diamond
Palace on Montgomery street, close to
Pine. He was in a somewhat reminiscent
mood, but was willing to talk of every
thing from the Mexican war to the Mc-
Kinley tariff. "I believe," said the
colonel, "in everything Californian. I
have my clothes made here; I have my
shoe's made here; I have my hats made
here, and my wife gets her things made
here. I do think that once I bought a
dress for my better half in Boston, because
it was particularly beautiful, but so far as
I know there is nothing that can be had
in California that 1 do not buy here. I
have made my money here, and I intend
to spend it here."
Then, asked as to his opinion as to Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla, he said: "Of
coarse I have heard of it, who has not,
tut I have not had occasion to use it. I
r.ever spent two dollars in medicine in my
life, but you may quote me as saying that
if I wanted a sarsaparilla I certainly would
use Joy's, for it is a home product. You
m»>" further state that I say that I have
heird it spoken of enthusiastically, and I
Bm really glad to know that any home pro
duct is thought so highly of as Joy's Veget
able Sarsaparilla appears to be." The
colonel said a whole lot more, but he
wished to be quoted shortly, and there is
no gaod reason for ignoring his request.
j(R. BENEDICT OF "THE HASTINGS."
Twi'Hog round on my heel 1 started
south having an intention to go to lunch,
and as the north side of Market street
offers iome inducements to the hungry
man I had that point in view, but when I
reached the corner of Sutter street the
attractive display in "The Hastings"
clothing-store "brought me up with a
round turn," as the sailors put it. I
dropped in T»nd met Mr. C. S. Benedict, one
of the proprietors who has been associated
with the house since 1862. "The Hast
ings" occupies a tvosition in the clothing
world of £aB Francisco which no other
house does. They have a factory in New
York at 24 »nd 26 West Fourth street and
the/ self here in the wild and woolly West
all the clothes that are made in the hard
and frosty East. They sell nothing that
they do not make themselves, and if any
one wants to wear for general business use
a better suit of clothes than Mr. Benedict
showed me yesterday, and which by the
by he sells for ?10, I think that individual
must be slightly hard to please. It was
really a suit of a nice modest pattern,
woolen goods and tailored as well as one
could expect an ordinary work-a-day suit
to be. We are not all leaders of fashion
and most of us want serviceable clothes.
"Have you ever heard of Joy's Vege
table Sarsaparilla?" I asked Mr. Benedict.
"1 have certainly heard of it. and I have
used it." said Mr/Benedict, "but I thins
probably if you want to know anything
about it, if I give you a living exhibit, it
will be much more to the point."
Then he stated in anticipation : "I havp
a son who is in the store at this moment
who was weak and a little bit run down,
and nothing that we did for him seemed
to help him at all. A couple of years ago,
however, he took Joy's A egetable Sarsa
puriila, and when you" see him you will be
able to judge better from his appearance
than from anything I could tell you as to
what it has 'done for him. He weighed
about eighty-five or ninety-five pounds
when he commenced to take it." Then
Mr. Benedict beckoned his eon. Mr. Bert
Benedict.
"What the pater says is true," said the
young gentleman. The frank, blue eyes
and stalwart frame and the altogether
healthy looking face, betokened a constitu
tion which nine out of ten of us would be
mighty glad 'o have. To say t»>at Mr. Bert
Benedict ha? a military air would be incor
rect. He walks with that easy grace which
characterizes a man who has been born
and knows that he has been born with good
blood in his veins, and he talks with the
confidence of a man who knows that he
has ability. "Yes," he said, "I have quite
a good deal to thank Joy's Vegetable Sar
saparilla for, I suppose. At any rate it
did me a whole lot of good. It produced
no boils, it produced no sores on my face,
and in a word it did me unmixed good."
And his father added, "We had this sat
isfaction, we knew from what we had been
told that there were no iodides nor mineral
poisons in the remedy, and our experience
has proved that our friends did not mis
lead us."
It is a little bit of pleasure to quote gen
tlemen of this type. They are few and far
between. They would no more indorse a
patent medicine or a remedy of any nature
for money than they would indorse or
support an ordinary bunko-man game.
They are clean, bright, honest, business
men. They have the confidence of the
community, and while I cannot assert it
as an actual fact, for I do not know, I
should be willing to gamble about fifty to
one that no man evei got anything from
"The Hastings" under misrepresentation,
and I will gamble one hundred to one that
every man who goes there gets as good
value for his nioney as he can get any
where.
THE INSURANCE SIDE OF IT.
After leaving Mr. Benedict I went to
lunch, and I confess to a rather satisfied
feeling alter the particular waiter whom I
chose to fee in the Palace grillroom had
finished bowing his thanks. I started
across Montgomery street a^ain, and just
as I reached the western sidewalk L met Mr.
Harry Baehr, the well-known city acent
of the Phoenix Insurance Company of
London and the Providence Insurance
Company of Washington. Mr. Baehr hap
pens to be one of the handsome men
about town, and his Maker provided him
with as sunny a disposition as one finds in
a month's walk. Mr. Baehr is a well
known Mason. He is secretary of King
Solomon's Lodge, F. and A.M., and he
also is a member of the California Chap
ter of the Royal Arch Masons. Shaking
him by the hand, I asked him how busi
ness was.
"Not very good," he said, "although it
is picking up, and I have no doubt that
insurance circles very soon will feel a
great deal brighter than they do at this
moment. What are you writing about
now?" he queried.
"Wen" I replied, "I have been detailed
to find o ' n t from the principal City mer
chants what they think of j o y's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla."
"Want to know wn *t I think? he
asked, briskly.
"Why, surely, I had no idea that you
knew anything about It."
"No? Well," he continued, "six months
ago my stomach was all out of order. I
had no appetite and I got up of a morning
with a bad taste in my mouth. H seemed
as though I had a bad case of the blues.
There wasn't anything for me to get Blue
about, but I always felt a little bit de
pressed. Somebody suggested to me that
I take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. At
first I thought the proposition was
absurd, but eventually I tried it — and how
do I look to-day?"
It must be confessed that Mr. Baehr was
the picture of health.
"Why," he continued, "I took one hot
tie ana it did me so much good that
if the second one had cost me a thousand
dollars lam perfectly certain I should
have found the money one way or an
other to get it. I have taken three bottles
in all, and my wife takes it now, too. It
is an excellent remedy for any man who
is ran down, whose work is of a sedentary
nature, or for any one whose liver or
stomach is affected. Jnst say that I said
this, nlease. Whoever tbe people are who
put it up, I consider that they do a pub
lic service, and I am neither afraid nor
ashamed to say so." And with that this
healthy, happy insurance man went on
his way to hunt for big premiums which
he would probably get. The Phoenix In
surance Company is one of the largest fire
insurance companies in the world, and as
a City representative it could have no bet
ter man than Mr. Baehr. And why? Be
cause he is known as a dependable man.
This is not on my hearsay alone. Any
business man will indorse that.
THE LADIES TAKE A HAND.
There is a shocstore at 129 Montgomery
street that is noted for the excellence of
its styles. It, too, has the reputation of
producing shoes of home manufacture,
and while the prices one pays there are
not the highest in the world the shoes
that one gets are not surpassed for wear or
for fit. It is owned by Mr. JnmesGutberlet.
Mr. Gntberlet has been in the business in
San Fraticisco for the last twenty-five
years, and during that time he has done
all that he could to support California and
her industries. He is an enthusiastic be
liever in home industry. AsKed as to his
opinion of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla he
said. "I have none."
"Did you ever hear of it?" I asked.
"Did those young ladies who recom
mended it to me tell you they had done
so?" he queried.
I said. "Certainly not. I want your
opinion."
"Well," he replied, "I have been under
the weather for quite a little while and my
wife, who uses Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa
rilla, I believe, said, "You had better use
it,' but I declined. I aont want medicine
if can avoid it. The next day I was out
and happened to be thrown into the com
f>any of four young ladfes. We talked fora
ittle while, and one of them was solicitous
as to my welfare. I felt down and blue, and
you know when a man feels that way he
invariably shows it. One of them said,
'Why, Mr. Gutberlet, why don't you take
some Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla? lam
certain it would brace you up and make
you feel an altogether different man.'
'Are you sure?' I asked her. She said,
•Yes, I know.' She spoke so very strongly
in its favor that I almost made up my
mind to take it, and probably I would have
been better off if I did. Please say for
me that if I ever use a sarsaparilla I shall
certainly use Joy's, and Joy'? only. It is
not entirely because it is a Californian
remedy that I say this, but when my
wife and intimate friends of mine recom
mend it to me as an excellent thing it ap
pears to me that there is no choice left in
the matter."
And so it does not seem, to matter as to
what street one chooses, Joy's Vegetable
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
Sarsaparilla is spoken of highly every
where. Some people are more impressed
with its merits than others, it is true, but
in no case do you find any one who is will
ing to say that they have found it do them
harm. That sarsaparilla is good is un
doubtedly true if it is what it pretends to
be, but a preparation of iodides put up
under the name of sarsaparilla seems to
me to be somewhat of a fraud. 1 don't
know of my own knowledge that there is
any such sarsaparilla, but I do know that
with most of the people I have inter
viewed that seems to be the prevailing
opinion, and one of the reasons why they
indorse Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla so
heartily, so uniformly, and so clearly and
so distinctly is that nine out of every ten
people seem to know that it is a pure
vegetable product, and from its use they
need fear no bad after effects.
William Chenhalls.
OUT OF CIRCLE CITY.
The 600 Persons There Expect to Find
Much Gold This Tear— Four
New Districts.
Casper Ellingen and Joseph Cooper of
Circle City, Alaska, who made the long
trip down the Yukon River on foot, arrived
here yesterday. Mr. Ellingen is a young
man formerly from Wisconsin. He has
been in Alaska for several years, but only
about a year ago went up to the far Yukon
diggings. He said at the Russ yesterday,
where he is staying:
"There is a big rush to Alaska now, but
they are not all going to the Yukon.
Many are settling along the coast, where
they expect to get gold. I don't know
where they will find it, but that is their
intention.
"This winter 560 men and eleven women
are in Circle City, and they were all well
and happy when I left. They all expect
an active summer, and are looking forward
to making a good deal of money. I have
been mining, but don't know whether I
will continue it or go into some kind of
business there.
"Four new creeks have been opened
contiguous to Circle City. They are from
fifty to sixty-five miles off and "head close
together. The four creeks are Harrison,
Eagle, Bonanza and Greenhorn. The two
former empty into Birch Creek and the
latter in Crooked Creek. All of the new
gulches promise well as far as prospected."
Mr. Ellingen will remain here for prob
ably two weeks.
SINGS HIS LAST SONG
Sankey's Farewell to Young Men
at the Y. M. C, A.
Hall.
The Story of "Ninety and Nine" and
the Last Rendering of the
Famous Song.
Mr. San key had sung his last song at
his last meeting of the long series in this
City at the hall of the Y. M. C. A. last
evening. He was saying that perhaps
this was the last time that he would ever
have the pleasure of meeting the young
men who were gathered before him. There
was a pause for an impressive instinct,
and then, picking up his little morocco
covered hymn book, he said: "I have been
asked to sing just one more — that old-time
favorite, 'Ninety and Nine.' "
The
audience
broke
into
applause.
Mr. Sankey then held the audience for
another ten minutes with a very pretty
story about the song; how he had sung ft
at a Quaker meeting, in the very heart of
Quakerdom in England, an organ having
been introduced into that unaccustomed
place for the first time for the especial pur
pose. After the song the Quakers had
asked him to "Keep on singing all even
ing." Then he told how an energetic
Quaker woman had become interested in
the work of Mr. Moody and himself and
followed them nround to their several
meeting places in London and, finally, be
ing compelled to go to SoutLern France
for her i ealth, had taken a great number
of the little song books with her, distrib
uting them in public places, and how this
same woman sat at a public meeting and
heard told the story of a young man who
hid been saved by* finding a copy of the
little book where she had placed it and
reading the beautiful "Ninety and Nine."
Then he went over to the organ and,
himself playing the accompaniment,
thrilled the audience with his familiar and
beautiful rendering of the song.
While his last notes still trembled
through the hall he rose and asked all to
"bow their heads for a moment,' 1 and
straightway began asking for a blessing
upon his hearers. A benediction was said
and the campaign of Sankey and Stebbins
that has been in progress for some weeks
came to a close. The evangelists go East
at once.
FORREST'S RING.
How James O'Neill Came to Wear This
Noted Finger Ornament.
James O'Neill, the actor, who is soon
to appear in this City, and James Connor
Roach are fast friends. Some time ago
they met in Clark's Cafe in Boston, to
gether with a number of other theatrical
people. After a while the talk naturally
led to Mr. O'Neill's forthcoming appear
ance in "Virginius." Reminiscences of
Forrest and McCullough were in order,
when Mr. Roach pulled a big seal ring off
his finger, handed it to Mr. O'Neill, say
ing: "There, Jim, is the ring Forrest al
ways wore; I want you to wear it next
Monday night when you play 'Virginius'
for the first time in Boston. May it bring
you the luck you deserve, and which fol
lowed Forrest when he wore it. I have
had it for many years, and for a long time
it has been my intention to give it to you.
Your reappearance in tragedy is a fit oc
casion for the gift. Ido not consider it
proper for me, a comedian, to wear a ring
that should grace the finger of a tra
gedian."
The ring consists of a solid; gold band
with a large stone of cornelia. The head
of Forrest is engraved in bas relief,
with "Edwin" and "Forrest" on either
side. The ring was first bought at an auc
tion sale of Forrest's effects in Philadel
phia about twenty years ago by Mr. Rver,
who sold it to a Mrs. Lynch. She after
ward parted with it for a considerable
sum to Louis Louthier, a famous collector
of antiquities. He in turn presented it to
Mr. Roach as a token of his esteem for the
author of "Rory of the Hill."
Mr. O'Neill feels pleased over being the
owner of Forrest's ring not only because
it was a gift from his friend Roach but
also because it recalls to him dear mem
ories of the Jupiter Tenans of the profes
sion, in whose company O'Neill served so
long and honorably when he wus the
youngest leading man in the country.
In this connection it may also be of in
terest to note that James O'Neill played
"Icilius" to Edwin Forrest's "Virginius"
for quite a long time. This may also ac
count for the fact that "old timers" de
clare O'Neill's "Virginius" to be nearer
that of Forrest's than any other actor who
has played the part since the demise of
that player.
Mr. O'Neill commences a two weeKs' en
gagement at tne Baldwin Theater next
Monday night. He will present during
the first week of his stay a repertoire made
upas follows: Monday "Monte Christo,"
Tuesday "Virginius," Wednesday "The
Courier of Lyons," Thursday -'Monte
Cristo," Friday "Hamlet," Saturday mati
nee "Virginius" and Saturday and Sunday
nights "Monte Cristo."
A Chicago tbief recently stole a soda
water fountain. He worked two hours in
taking it apart;
RAINEY'S POLITICAL TRIP
He Will Do Politics by Going
Away an<U Giving Himself
a Chance.
A NEW DEAL IN DELEGATES.
The Buckleyites Will Recognize
South-of-Market in a Revised
Apportionment.
Sam Rainey is going to a health resort
in San Bernardino County next week and
leave his oyster, the Junta, to his lieu
tenants, who will guard it until he gets
back to open it.
Rainey has mixed health and politics in
his journeys before. He is going away to
give himself a better chance. If he is
down in the San Bernardino mountains
his workers can do better in some
directions and the opposition to him will
not be so vigorous or so concentrated. The
selection of delegates to the State Conven
tion is probably sevaral weeks off, and he
will be back before time for the show
down. He has his fences in good condi
tion now, and the pulling and the holding
to be done in the general committee is well
mapped out.
Chairman W. P. Sullivan says that he
will announce the committees on griev
ances and on constitution and by-laws to
day. These committees will be apt to peg
along for some time before they produce
anything definite. The last-mentioned
committee will be closely watched by the
Raineyites because it is expected that
from this committee will come the expected
coup in the shape of an arrangement to
appoint delegates. It appears certain that
this will be attempted, as the hopelessness
of winning a delegate at a primary elec
tion is recognized by the "decent ele
ment," as the anti-Raioeyites loudly call
themselves.
The Buckleyites are taking a rest for a
few days, and Buckley is again at Ravens
wood. Since the meeting of the general
committee the other night the leaders
have figured out a new distribution
of State Convention delegates among
the eighteen Assembly districts. The
distribution of tbe 161 delegates appor
tioned to San Francisco by the State Cen
tral Committee, according to the resolution
adopted Monday evening, was eight to
each district, leaving seventeen at large.
At the meeting a minority, representing
strong Democratic districts south of Market
street, contended that thedelegates should
be apportioned among the districts ac
cording to the Budd voie. The plan now
is to apportion the delegates ojti the basis
of one delegate to every 200 isudd votes,
taking no notice of fractions. This will
give several districts nine votes, and will
leave ten delegates at large.
MARTIN KELLY'S MEETING.
A Weak Effort to Organize a Fac
tion In the Forty-
Fifth.
It was a picturesque crowd tnat com
posed the "Republican" meeting at Gari
baldi Hall on Broadway last evening. The
affair was the weak effort of Martin Kelly
and Jerry Mahoney to organize a dissent
ing faction in the Forty-fifth District, and
a more typical Martin Kelly political
meeting has not been seen for many a
daj.
Kelly and Mahoney have put forward
Joe King and J. B. O'Brien as district
manipulators of an opposition in that dis
trict to the regular party organization,
and last night's meeting was to organize a
club, with King as its boss. In order to
create a crowd several kegs of "steam"
were placed in the barroom at King's ex
pense, the magic proclamation, "Beer!"
was put forth, and Martin Kelly herded a
lot of his south-of-Market "push"' and
sent them across the City, under
the leadership of Jimmy Lennon.
Kelly's old junkshop partner. Jack Hoey
of Brannan street, Denny Coleman, the
bruiser, and others. There were toughs
from the Mission, and City Hall janitors
and Police Court habitues from all over
the City. The rest belonged mainly to
the neighborhood, and there was a slight
sprinkling of respectability. With these
efforts the hall was not filled.
T. B. O'Brien was made president of the
club, W. Engram secretary and Joe King
treasurer. O'Brien made a speech amid
the uproar from the barroom, during
which he lauded Martin Kelly and Joseph
King, talked of the A. P. A. and declared
that the Republicans of the district
needed a general. A resolution was read
and adopted appointing Joseph King the
"leader," "to whom should be. intrusted all
negotiations appertaining to the guidance
of Republican policy in the Forty-fifth
District." After a signing of the v roll the
proceedings consisted of ribald songs and
obscene stories.
MISSION REPUBLICANS.
The Thirty-Fifth Assembly District
Entertain Their Friends
Socially.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District held a very enjoyable
social gathering of their members and
friends at 1339 Valencia street last nieht.
The officers of the club—President V. T.
Northup, Vice-President C. M. |Depew,
Secretary R. H. Stafford. Treasurer C. L.
Hedemark and the twenty-seven members
of the executive committee — resolved
themselves into useful members in seeing
that all visitors were properly provided
with light refreshments during the recess
in the musical and literary programme.
Short speeches were made by John T.
Dare, who dwelt on the tariff question,
citing the example of England, by which
Japan, seeing the opening made in this
country and th« countenance given the
importation of manufactured goods by the
Democratic party, started to improve its
labor condition by shipping ready-made
articles into our market in competition
with our industries. He said that England
would forfeit her colonial territories rather
than lose the commercial trade of tne
United States.
C. W. Kyle, the eloquent speaker, gave
a glowing account of the history of the
Republican party during it 3 existence in
power in this country. He compared it
with the destructive policy of the Demo
cratic party for the Drief period in which
it has been intrusted with the roanage
ment of public affairs. The Cobden Club
of England, he said, formed the com
mercial policy of England for the last
fifty years, but after next November this
club would cease to form the commercial
or moneyed policy of these United States.
jApplause.]
Major John A. Whiteside and W. D.
Kingsoury followed with short but cut
ting remarks upon the mismanagement of
the Democratic party under Cleveland's
administration.
The Hawaii quartet rendered some
choice selections. These, with an excel
lent band, made the evenine's entertain
ment very enjoyable.
INSTALLATION BANQUET.
A Band of Happy Elks Assembled at
Delinonico's Last Night.
The annual installation banquet of Gold
en Gate Lodge of Elks last night as
sembled 175 members and guests. The
banquet tables, richly decorated, were
, spread in the large hall on the fifth floor
of Delmonico's. At the head of the feast
sat J. 0. Reis, past exalted ruler, to whom
was presented a beautiful set of silverware.
The address of presentation was made by
the incoming exalted ruler, J. H. Howell.
The newly elected officers aside from
Mr. Howell are: William Jones, esteemed
leading knight; Dr. Bachman, loyal
Knight; Thomas Dunn, lecturing^ knight,
and Alfred Penier. trustee.
Among the guests last evening were:
Sheriff Richard I. Whelan, Tim Murphy,
Carroll Johnson, Professor McKenzie,
Thomas Scott, Moscow Idaba, Colonel
Marceau and quite a number of actors
from the Sinbad company and other dra
matic organizations.
An orchestra of stringed instruments
and the talented Plymouth Quartet of the
Press Club provided agreeable music. At
1 o'clock all the cares of the previous day
and the day coming bad vanished.
VAN NESS BOULEVARD.
John DlcGovern Thinks the Plan Will
Be Successful— Mr. Law's
Departure.
Herbert Law, president of the Van Ness
avenue Improvement Club, left for Chi
cago last evening. Prior to his departure
Mr. Law said: "We can do nothing in
the boulevard question until we learn what
the property-owners are' in favor of, and
this will probably not be until my return
about ten days hence. No definite action
in the matter will be taken until that time.
"Mr. Spreckels informs me that there
will, in all probability, be some op
position, as some of the property-owners
appear to think the street will not be given
proper attention and kept in decent con
dition after it is turned into a boulevard."
John McGovern. who has taken an ac
tive part in the proceedings, said:
"Mr. Law and I have been strenuous in
our endeavors to get the avenue turned
into a boulevard, and I think we will
finally be successful.
"I bought my property January 10, 1853,
when Fremont, Haskell and others lived
right over, there on Black Point. Einile
Grizar, a Frenchman, bought a lot of
property in this region in 1859 or 1860, and
wouJd not part with a foot of it for r.ny
consideration.
"In 1863 the Government took all his
property, but afterward relinquished that
part south of Bay street and East of
Van Ness avenue. When this occurred the
matter of streets — and, in fact, of any real
estate improvements whatever — was lost
sight of for some time, because along with
the confiscation of so much of Grizar's
property that of all men of ambition was
seized at the same time.
"About' six years ago we got a bill
through the Legislature to Day property
owners for the land required to extend
streets through the 100-varalots known as
the Lagoon Survey. Things once more be
gan to brighten.
"Two years ago Senator Fair purchased
the water lots and swamps and graded
much property free of charge. Interest
has been steadily reviving ever since.
'"The contract was let to pave the avenue
from Union street to Bay with bitumen
several months ago, and the contractors
are simply awaiting propitious weather.
The property-owners will bear the whole
expense of this.
"Some of those residing south of Union
street may not regard it as feasible to run
a 21-foot lawn through the center of the
avenue. The property-owners from Union
street to Bay have unanimously signed the
petition for the lawn in the center of the
street, but wish the Board of Supervisors
to guarantee that it will be kept in order
by the City. If it will guarantee thatsucQ
will be done the owners of these six blocks
will place the lawn in from Union street to
Bay, and those south of Union can follow
their own inclination in the matter."
WISE AND FOOTE CONFER
Hot Words Are Followed by
Compliments From Both
Sides.
The District Attorney Refused to Pre
sent Evidence Favorable to
Williams.
Collector Wise and United States Dis
trict Attorney Foote had some hot words
in the oftice of the latter yesterday after
noon over the manner in which the Wil
liams investigation is being conducted be
fore the United States Grand Jury.
Though they are brother Democrats and
friends of many years' standing there has
been a coolness between these two func
tionaries for the Government for some
time. It has all grown out of the indignities
which the District Attorney declares the
Collector of the Port has heaped upon his
branch of the service.
Collector Wise has warmly championed
the cause of Inspector Kichard Williams
through all of his troubles and will prob
ably stand by him to the end. It was
therefore quite natural for the Collector to
become irritated when Judge Foote re
fused to regard the virtues of the inspec
tor with any large degree of favor. The
former wanted the District Attorney to
present to the Grand Jury certain docu
ments in support of the splendid character
which the writers declared Williams in
harited from a long line of uncorrupted
ancestry and of which he himself is a
shining example. Foote remarked with
some warmth that the virtues of the ac
cused Customs Inspector could not be
found with the Roentgen cathode ray.
The Collector took exception to what the
District Attorney said of his favorite in
spector, and the office-boy cleared the deck
for action.
But tnere were no hostilities. The Col
lector, however, was unable to swerve the
District Attorney from his purpose to do
anything that would in any way lighten
the burden under which the unhappy
Williams is now struggling, So tfte con
ference, which lasted irom 4 o'clock until
after 6, with F^ote telling the Collector
that he was the foremost Democrat in the
State and should get the nomination on
the Democratic ticket for Governor two
years hence. Then they went over to
lime-juice corner and made astronomical
observations through the glassware.
It is'said that Collector Wise did not
attempt to play his tattoo — on which be
has a patent— on the breast of Judge Foote,
sa in the case of the now famous interview
with Major Moore.
Collector Wise was before the United
States Grand Jury yesterday. He went
over the whole tight between himself and
Major Moore, Special Agent of the Treas
ury Department. He said that Moore's
hatred of Williams had gone beyond all
reason, and amounted to persecution.
I n his opinion Williams had violated no
regulation "of the department nor com
mitted any wrong. He had investigated
the charges made by Moore, but was un
able to hnd any evidence, except the
irresponsible evidence of Chinese high
binders, against the accused. For that
reason he believed in the innocence of
Williams and would continue to do so
until he had been proven guilty beyond
any reasonable doubt.
Charged With Manslaughter.
The case of Charles Gerken, charged with
manslaughter, came up before Judge Campbell
yesterday. He was held to answer in the sum
of $10,000. On March 15 Gerken met John
Buckley on Mason and Green streets and,
without the slightest provocation, pushed him
violently to the ground, causing a fracture of
the skull.
Writ of Habeas Corpus.
George T. Bohen, president of one of the local
cemetery associations, arrested a few days ago
for violating the ordinance restricting the sole
of cemetery lots, was convicted and fined $20,
with an alternative, in Judge Low's court
yesterday. He surrendered himself to a Deputy
Sheriff, and will to-day sue out a writ of habeas
corpus.
BROWN SENT A DISPATCH
He Informed KalamaZoo Friends
That He Had Been
Acquitted.
HIS NAME WAS SIGNED TO IT.
Meeting of Members of the Congrega
tion to Request Him to Tender
His Resignation.
There was a large meetine of anti-
Brown members of the First Congrega
tional Church in Dr. McDonald's office last
evening for the purpose of considering fur
ther measures to protest against Dr.
Charles Oliver Brown's continuance as
pastor of the church.
Reporters were excluded, Dr. McDonald
explaining as the reason that nothing of
public interest was about to take place, the
meeting being simply advisory. He re
ported that considerable progress had
been made in the matter of getting signa
tures to the request for Pastor Brown's
resignation, and that everything looked
favorable for the rolling up of the number
to 200 or more.
The KUarnazoo Daily Telegraph of
March 18 contains the following dispatch:
San Francisco, Cal., March 8, 189 G.
L. M. Gate* and Others— Dear Friends: lam
acquitted on every charge. C. O. Brown.
In another part of the same paper is a
verbatim report of the findings of the
ecclesiastical council.
Certain persons in Kalamazoo have
written to persons in this City giving the
purported details of Dr. Brown's record in
tbat city.
The testimony taken before the ecclesi
astical council, together with a synopsis
of that in the Police Court and in the
Superior Court at the Davidson trial, have
been furnished the District Attorney. This
matter will be condensed and properly
arranged, after which it will be presented
to the Grand Jury, which is ready to
undertake the investigation.
At the meeting in the rooms of Dr. Mc-
Donald last evening a communication was
received which stated that the Christian
Endeavor Society had left the First Con
gregational Church in a body. Until Dr.
Brown's withdrawal from the pulpit
of that church the society will hold
their regular meetings in Native
Sons' Hall, on Mason street, near Geary.
This may be considered a movement that
the faithful adherents of the pastor must
certainly deplore and view as an indica
tion that the breach between the two fac
tions of the First Congregational Church
is growing wider.
At the meeting last night it was re
ported tbat the pew-holders were getting
up a petition with the same object in view
as that of the church members. It was
agreed that the names of the signers would
not be made public, as many of them ob
jected to any publicity. A vote of thanks
was extended to the press for its fair and
clear statements of the great trial.
Another meeting will be held in the Co
lumbia building in the near future.
FLEISHMAN PLAYS.
A Concert by the Symphony Orchestra,
With Four Soloists.
One of the features of the Symphony
Orchestra concert in Golden Gate Hall,
yesterday afternoon, was the number of
soloists. S. Fleishman, a well-known
local pianist, played a concerto, Miss
Nellie Guisti sang, C. W. Loyde. played a
cornet solo and Gustav Rowan rendered a
vocal solo of his own composition,
Fleishman's playing was one of the
most attractive features of the conce r t.
He gave the Chopin-Nicade "Concert Al
legro," for orchestra and piano-forte, and
rendered his score with breadth and
artistic feeling, as well as with excellent
technique. The orchestra, on the whole,
did good work in this concerto, though
more familiarity with the score on the
part of the conductor would probably have
made the passages written in syncopated
time go more crisply and tersely. There
is always a danger, in such passages, of
the soloist appearing to pull one way and
the orchestra another. Mr. Fleishman
was most enthusiastically encored for his
work in the "'Concert Allegro," and the
audience would not be satished till he had
played an encore.
Gustav Rowan, a local musician, ap
peared both as composer and vocalist.
NEW TO-DAY.
"if ft ' L** ** t Qu\ in
A Dainty Pair.
The lady who is proud of her shapely
feet will find their beauty well displayed
in
BUCKINGHAM
& HECHT'S
Fine shoes, the very perfection of Fit and
Elegance. Name stamped on every shoe.
If your dealer don't keep them ask for
them at
Kasts 738-740 Market St.
VISIT
Thos. H. B. Varney's Rambler Biclorama.
IT IS ESLEGANT.
New Rambler Bicycles and Tandems to Rent. .■
Two large Riding Academies. Storage, Lockers, Baths*
MARKET, TENTH AND STEVENSON STS.
David Manlloyd was to have sung Rowan's
"0 Salutaris." but &c a telegram was re
ceived from him stating his inability to be
present the composer sang the "0 Salu
taris" himself. The number was written
with violin obligato, which N. Lands
berger played very well. The impression
made by Rowan as a composer was very
favorable, and would undoubtedly have
been more so if Manlloyd had sung, for
Mr. Rowan, although the possessor of a
tine voice, has not yet learned how to
use it.
Miss Nellie Guisti sang the grand scene
and. aria from Ambroise Thomas' "Ham
let." The scena is a display of tvocal fire
works which is usually supposed to tax
the ability of a Calve and was a very am
bitious piece of work for a debutante. It
served, however, to show that Miss Guisti
has a sweet, flexible voice, which she uses
easily and well, having too much tendency
to indulge in the tremolo.
C. W. Loyde played "The Lost Chord"
very well as a cornet solo, and the orches
tra performed three selections under the
direction of James Hamilton Howe, the
overture to "Tannhauser," which went
very well with the exception of some un
certainty in the bass during the opening
bars, and Waldteufel's "Summer Even
ing" waltz, which was charmingly played.
Crespi Sentenced.
Judge Wallace, after denying a motion for *
new trial made by Cesare Crespi, who was
convicted of libeling G. Almagia, sentenced him
to three months in the County Jail. His Honor
said if he levied a fine Crespi's frieDds would
rally round the editor and pay it for him. so
he would imprison the libeler, so as to ensura
a genuine punishment.
Illicit Brandy Seized.
United States Revenue Officers Caber, Crom
well and Thomas captured three barrels of il
licit brandy belonging to S. Lohengersila, who
lives two miles from Modesto, and also sjeized
the plant of the offender.
NEW- TO-DAY.
II "Red
I Letter
II Days.
To-day (Saturday) ends
the "Red Letter Sale." .
Every red tag comes off
to-night. ______ .'..
A trio of little pictures —
just for examples : •
■ We've sold about three
vvavYv' score of these
'%^^ tables al-
g]l[¥^* ar ready. But
jl^RrJfi A that's not
f^t^^h enough. 40.
(J^^^Wm more for to "
IjfJ**^ day's selling.
Jr $4 60 each.
Some oak.
.... Some birch.
One tiny »' • ( .
mite of a pic- ffi^*k"fr '
ture to repre- ■|P f '- rf T v
sent an even jjf ; >
103 difFerent pg .^ |
hall stands. pv :.•; y
But it'll give tA,! I'..■/'ytiT'1 '..■/'ytiT'
you an idea. v B^^^'B,'--
f SO, regular. <■ ** ib^i.-IT^V' 1 ' fflft .
$35 to-day. 3[. ... . j-4. ""'locb
Polished an- llprifassy^'
tique oak.
; Dressing-
sgz^ tables at $10
ip? are scaree —
1 !».«£ ' even during
JIB3III "Red Letter
flßPJffif Days. " This
j ~~^*^^ > ' is the only one
we ever saw at
I \jJSwsi !ii that price —
trjlf '^ l Jrsio.
Quartered oak. '
Solid mahogany.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
AT AUCTION TO-DAY !
TURKISH RUGS!
THE LAST SALE
OF THK
PILLIBOS COLLECTION
At 2 o'clock P. M.
AT SALESROOM^ SUTTER ST.
Special Sales at 8 O'clock To-night.
Sale Peremptory.
WILL E. FISHER £ CO.
Urn — -
IS THE VERY BEST ONE To EXAMIKB
your eyes and lit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of bis own invention,
whose superiority has not been , equaled. My suo ■
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. m. . >
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., Saa
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In,
the city. Board and room. $1, $1 25 and $1 50 par
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms, 000
and 750 a day. ■ Free coach to and from the j hotel.
Look for the coach bear! ng the name of the Co*
mopolitan HoteL WJL FAHEY, Proprietor.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
TTEABNY AND : WASHINGTON STS— RE-
JV modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 per day, $2
I to $8 per week. $8 to *30 per month: free baths:
i hot and cold water every room: fire grates in
j every room: elevator runs all night. <
56
CHARLES M. .SMORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. '-...' ■',
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po»taze Free i
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
D*Uy and Sunday Call, one year, by mall: . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, sii months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
WxutXY Call, one year, by mail • *••"»
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone U£v. ...Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street,
telephone —.- Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
580 Montgomery street, corner Clay:, open until
f:SO o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\\ . corner Sixteenth and Mission street*; open
Until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 H\ailx street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Bow, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY MARCH 28. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Platt form of New York is good no
matter which way you take it.
Europe has begun to find out there is
many a nigger in the African wood pile.
Leave orders for The Sunday Call to
day and make sure of good reading for to
morrow.
Study our advertisements every day and
you will know where to get the best spring
bargains.
Judge Morrow's decision in regard to
Zante currants is good law, good sense and
a good thing. _
Those who demand protection for home
industries should also demand home
products when they are making their pur
chaees.
V.'ar is a great teacher of eeography, and
now that the Fillibuzzia are on the war
path, we shall soon learn who the "Filli
buzzis are.
The honest dollar is having everything
its own way at the platforms, but the dis
honest dollar may have a fighting chance
at the ballot-box.
Every fight against the monopoly weak
ens it to some extent and sooner or later
it will tie too weak to stand in the way of
progress anywhere.
Now that Senator Alien has introduced
another silver bill into the Senate even
the most patient have a right to complain
that the thing is getting monotonous.
From the way the Santa Clara County
rose festival is growing there is a proba
bility that when it blossoms out it will be
big enough to t3ke in all San Francisco.
The demand from Constantinople for a
full explanation of the expedition np the
Nile was expressed in the voice of the
Sultan, but the words were those of the
Czar.
If Mr. Vanderbilt and Mr. Depew really
came across the continent simply for
recreation they should stay long enough
to take in all the carnivals and have a bis
time.
These are certainly promising times and
even the Southern Pacific feels enough in
sympathy with them to promise a better
ferry service when the new depot is com
pleted.
As an American painter has been elected
a member of the Royal Academy it is evi
dent that some of our brushes with the
English are friendly enough to make a
pleasant picture.
By agreeing to the original Senate reso
lutions on Cuban affairs the House has
sawed the debate off short, and it will now
be Cleveland's turn to co/ne to the front
and speak his little piece.
With San Francisco and Portland both
eagerly reaching for her trade Eureka feels
herself the center of things and is talking
of getting a transcontinental railroad of
her own and setting up for herself.
Now that a pian to give the State Uni
versity a grand main hall has been put
into shape au opportunity is offered for
some one to start a plan for raising the
money that will get a move on itself.
If the Fillibuzzis had only made them
selves known a« Fulioboozes, there would
have been a considerable American con
tingent to sympathize with them on the
score of having been there themselves.
Where a particular kind of education is
needed by the greatest number of people
is the place where that education should
be given, and on that principle San Fran
cisco claims the Wilmerding School for
the training of the children of her wons
iogmen.
The report that the Chinese have granted
Port Arthur to the Russians as a terminus
for the Siberian Railroad certainly needs
confirmation, and yet the whole drift of
things in Asia tends to confirm it. If the
report is not true of to-day it may be of to
morrow.
The scheme of some Kansas darkies to
hide a French oitizen in a cave and hold
vim as a hostage until France pays an in
demnity to Waller may be very good di
plomacy from a Kansas standpoint, but it
will make the Massachusetts bJood of Mr.
Oiney curdle in his veins.
Ex-President Harrison was right in say
ing that "being drafted and volunteering
are two different matters," but if any of
his friends tbiak the St. .Louis convention
will have to draft a candidate for the
Presidential nomination they have not
studied the signs of these times with any
great skill.
Public sentiment in favor of arbitration
of all disputes between this country and
England is very strong at. present, as has
been manifested by important meetings
held all over the Union from Boston to
San Francisco, Out if we ever have a seri
ous dispute with England the chances are
public sentiment will get righting mad
and arbitration won't have a show.
Senator Perkins' bill providing for the
appointment of a non-partisan commis
sion to collect information concerning the
need of protection to American industries
is good enough in itself, but why bother
the President to attend to that work,
when the people will elect this fall a Con
gress that will do it more thoroughly and
more effectively than any non-partisan
commission would ever think of doing?
LOTTERY NOTICES.
President Andrews of the Brown Uni
versity pivos, in the current number of
ScriDner's Magazine, a deserved credit to
the members of the Fifty-third Congress
who were instrumental in bringing about
the passage of the anti-lottery bill, which,
as he says, "was carried through Congress
in spite of perhaps the most powerful and
enterprising lobby influence ever organ
ized."
The credit given to the advocates of the
bill is well deserved, and yet it is apparent
to every observant person that the battle
against the evil has been but half won and
the lotteries are not yet suppressed. Evi
dence of their existence is to be found con
spicuously displayed in the advertising or
the news columns of every newspaper ex
cept the few which, like The Call, honor
law more than money and refuse to pro
mote nn illicit traffic, by advertising it for
the sake of gain. If, therefore, credit is.
due to those who struck the first blow at
the evil, still more credit will be due to
those who devise a measure that will crush
it altogether.
It is not creditable to American journal
ism that newspapers aspiring to have good
repute and influence in the community
should consider themselves justified in
taking advantage of a defect in the law to
advertise a trade which it is a criminal of
fense to carry on. To do this is to make
journalism the reßort of professional
swindlers and the deceiver of the public.
It is to violate the spirit of law while pro
fessing to keep the letter and to afford a
iuenns by which a traffic that otherwise
could be confined to the slums and hidden
places of the City can find an entrance
into every household and be a temptation
to the inmates of every home.
Of course, our lottery advertising con
temporaries do not sin for nothing. The
men who were able to concentrate at
Washington "perhaps the most powerful
and enterprising lobby influence ever or
ganized" are equally able to diffuse
throughout the country a corrupting in
fluence hardly less powerful. Lottery no
tices command the highest prices for ad
vertising that are paid. There is big money
in them for tbose who publish them. The
Call knows very well the pecuniary sacri
fice it makes in refusing them. The very
greatness of this power, however, is all the
more reason why it should be opposed at
every opportunity, by every means and by
every cit-kjen, for the fact that it can af
ford to pay so high for notices is a proof
that the trade continues to flourish and
make enormous profits, despite the law
that condemns it as a crime.
In the absence of a law making the pub
lication of lottery notices an offense sub
jecting the publisher to a heavy penalty
the only recourse the law-abiding people
of a community have against the intro
duction of the corrupting evil into their
homes is to refuse to receive there any
paper that publishes such notices. Police
officials have repeatedly stated tuut if
they could stop the advertising it would
not be long bpfore they would be able to
rid the community of the evil altogether.
It remains, then, to be seen whether such
publications cannot be checked by the
exercise of the moral force of the com
munity. If the decent homes of the City
will reject the lottery papers The Call
will not long stand alone in its light for
the law. That rejection Bhould be made
without hesitation. The homes, the
churches and the press should unite with
the police and the courts to uphold the
law of the land and suppress the swindlers.
USING THE GOVEBNMENT.
All the .dispatches from Washington
agree that the House Committee on Har
bors and Rivers has pledged its members
to secrecy and agreed to embody in the
bill a large appropriation for the improve
ment of Santa Monies harbor. There is a
disagreement in the news concerning" the
appropriation for San Pedro harbor, one
telegram intimating that such an appro
priation is to be made, another asserting
positively that it is not. It is not at all
likely if an appropriation is to be recom
mended for Santa Monica that one will be
recommended fur San Pedro.
The question of an appropriation for
Santa Monica harbor would never have
been raised had not the Southern Pacific
'built a wharf there at a cost of $1,000,000
and demanded that the Government should
make it useful by building a breakwater.
The wharf runs out into the open road
stead, for, as a matter of fact, there is no
harbor at Santa Monica in the proper
sense. There is no bay or shelter of any
kind. During the winter months the
safety of the wharf is threatened Dy storms
and ships cannot tie up alongside with
out great risk. A breakwater would render
it comparatively safe.
San Pedro has a well-sheltered harbor
inclosed in a snug bay, but the inner har
bor is too shallow for all purposes and
would need extensive dredging in order to
be useful for general shipping. If prop
erly improved it would be open to all.
The improvement of Santa Monica would
place all shipping at the mercy of the
Southern Pacific Company's wharf and
would serve to increase the business and
revenues of the company. It would be of
far greater benefit to the company than to
any other interest. It may be assumed
that the Southern Pacific chose Santa
Monica instead of San Pedro in order to
get the Government to make an improve
ment which would give the xailroad com
pany a monopoly of shipping in the south
ern end of the State.
This presumption is borne out by the
fact that all the Government engineers
and commissions sent out to inspect the
two harbors always and invariably re
ported in favor of San Pedro and against
Santa Monica. None of the California
delegation recently appearing before the
House committee asked for an appropria
tioa for Santa Monica, but all asked that
San Pedro be improved. The report from
Washington that Santa Monica is to be
preferred has an ugly look and calls for
prompt investigation. The improvement
of San Pedro would benefit California;
that of Santa Monica would be in the In
terest of the Southern Pacific.
GUAED THE REGISTRATION.
Connty Clerk Jordan of Alameda County
has discovered the facility with which per
sons of foreign birth may get their names
placed on tue great register by swearing
that their fathers were naturalized citi
zens. This practice is permissible under
the law, but heretofore, by reason of the
indifferent safeguard provided against
fraud, a simple affidavit has been accepted
as sufficient to procure the registration. It
is obvious that unless a much stricter
practice is started the great register of
all the counties may be abused. It is the
duty of the leading committees of the par
ties to take the matter in hand and ascer
tain what may be done to put some check
on the possibility of fraud.
The cases in which wrong may be per
petrated in the absence of a very strict in
spection are those in which foreigners live
in communities and adhere closely to the
language of their native country. This
produces a narrow circle of interests and
erects a barrier against outside inspection.
Unaer these circumstances it would not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
be difficult for young men recently arrived
to be fostered by naturalized voters as their
sons. Thus the difficulties created by the
educational qualification made by the con
stitutional amendment adopted at the last
State election could be easily avoided and
adopted sons placed on the great register
without being tested concerning their
Knowledge of the constitution in the
English language? That this is an im
portant matter has been recently proved
in AJameda County, where large numbers
of foreigners have been refused natural
ization by reason of their inability to com
ply with the requirements of that amend
ment.
LABOR AND CAPITAL.
The resolution adopted by the Building
Trades Council on Thursday evening com
mending Glaus Spreckels for his action
in giving the contract for the 2200 tons of
steel to be used in the construction of the
new Call building to a local manufacturer
(the Pacific Rolling Mills) exhibits one of
the aspects of the relation between labor
and capital that is too often overlooked.
It shows that in one point, at any rate,
there is a harmony of interest between
the two, and that whatever tends to the
advancement of home industry finds ap
proval from the more Bagacious repre
sentatives of both.
Mr. Spreckels' devotion to the industries
of California has been demonstrated in too
many instances by the strong arguments
of accomplished facts to be doubted by any
one. It is nevertheless pleasing to see that
what he has done in the way of advancing
the local welfare has been recognized by
the workingmen of the City and State.
Labor councils are often required to criti
cize the actions of capital, and it
is therefore all the more fitting that
they should be equally prompt in
giving commendation where good work
is 'done. The resolutions adopted
in this case are a credit both to Mr.
Spreckels and to the Building Trades
Council. They manifest a sympathy be
tween the workers and the capitalist in
the common purpose of upbuilding Cali
fornia and all her industries, and we
count it a good omen that this display of
harmony between labor and capital has
been occasioned by a step In the work of
erecting that stately building which is to
be the permanent home of The Call,
whose aspiration it is to be the ever stead
fast champion of all Pacific Coast interests
and all Pacific Coast men.
WHERE COMPETITION HURTS.
Judge Morrow's decision that Zante cur
rants are dutiable from whatever foreign
source they come means a great deal of
money in the pockets of California raisin
growers. That the board of appraisers
could ever have placed any other construc
tion upon that clause of the tariff law was
a matter of surprise. The small raisins
commonly called Zante currants and bo
largely consumed in this country are pro
duced successfully in California, as well as
in Greece and its islands, and nowhere else
to so great perfection. In the absence of
the import duty of I}£ cents a pound it
would be impossible for this great indus
try to be profitably conducted in Califor
nia against the competition of Greece, lor
the reason that the expense of production
and transportation here is so much greater.
The curious part of the matter is that
this import duty was provided in the Wil
son bill and without any idea of affording
protection to an important American in
dustry. That measure merely provided
for raising a revenue on an article of large
consumption in the United States. It
happened that California had developed a
special adaptation for the production of
raisins of all grades and varieties, and that
the duty on Zante currants operated un
intentionally as a protection of an indus
try growing out of a natural advantage.
It is true that the transportation com
panies controlling the industrial interests
of California have the power to adjust their
charges so as to overcome any special pro
tection that an import tariff charge may
afford to any particular industry, but it is
none the less comforting to reflect that in
a broad sense protection is welcomed as
the beginning of prosperity.
This decision will have a very pro
nounced effect on that branch of our
raisin industry which had been coming in
competition with Zante currants. As
Fresno is the center of the raisin industry
and as it will have in the Valley road
competition in transportation this year,
the outlook ia exceedingly bright. Raisins
of all kinds will receive the benefit.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Distinctively racy of the soil is The Suit
pay Call, and that is why every CaJifor
nian who wants his Eastern friends to
know what California is and who wants to
give the State a lift always sends them a
copy of The Sunday Call. The paper is
not modeled on the lines controlling East
ern journalism. It is distinctively a Cali
fornia publication and is as welcome abroad
as at home.
The Salvation Army is attracting special
attention at present, and hence a group of
sketches, showing the experiences of local
workers in the cause, will be found accept
able. This article, which will appear in
to-morrow's issue, will have the additional
charm of presenting scenes peculiar to the
slums of San Francisco, as they are known
so intimately by the patient and persistent
workers in the Salvation Army cause.
The varied experiences of Orrin Hickok,
the famous trainer and driver of trotting
and pacing horses, will form a carefully
prepared study that will interest a large
number of readers.
An addition to the series of articles de
scribing the lighthouses of the coast will
be one devoted to the lights of Oakland
harbor, in which some very important
history bearing on current events will be
told.
Adeline Knapp, in an article entitled,
"Our City's Approaches," will present a
picture that could have been painted only
by a combination of artist and philosopher.
A clever sketch-writer will offer an inter
esting study of character in a dissertation
on the habits of the human wharfrats who
thrive at the Eastern base of Telegraph
Hill.
W. C. Morrow will relate a personal ex
perience indicating a source of enjoyment
in San Francisco, concerning which few
residents seem to have au adequate knowl
edge.
The general departments special to the
Sunday issue will receive the careful treat
ment which has made them so valuable in
the past. Although the regular summer
season in fashionable circles has not yet
opened, it will be interesting to read of the
contemplated movements of the select.
Equally interesting will be the department
discussing fashionable clothes for women
and men. As children are always coming
into the world and in time will become
the governors of human destiny, their im
portance is recognized in a special depart
ment devoted to their elevation, books
and magazines still are published, and
likery will continue to be published a few
years longer, and so a wide-margin de
partment is devoted to them. As the
tendency of the age is toward X-rays and
other startling achievements of science,
the department devoted to odd, interest
ing and instructive things that the cathode
eye can discover will receive very particu
lar attention in to-morrow'a Call. '
rtJEL OIL Iff THE SOUTH.
Within tne past week dispatches from
Los Angeles have reported a heavy short
age in the oil supply of that section and a
consequent increase in the price of that
commodity, with a prospect of a further
advance. These developments are purely
local in their effect. The oil referred to is
obtained from wells in the immediate vi
cinity of the metropolis of the southern
part of the State, and is suitable for fuel
purposes only.
The shortage is due rather to the in
creased consumption of the product than
to any lessening in the supply. Neither
the refined product, used for illuminating
purposes, nor the fuel oil obtained from
other sources, has been in the least affect
ed by the rise recorded on the Los Angeles
Oil Exchange. Aside from the direct pe
cuniary profits resulting from the present
situation, it will undoubtedly tend to
greatly stimulate this valuable and grow
ing industry.
NO CABINET BIKES.
The ladies of the Cabinet
Are weeping briny tears,
And sounds like those of martyrs' cries
Fall on the nation's ears. -
A shadow as of blasted hopes
Has fallen on their lives,
And they regret with might and main
That they are Cabinet wives:
Because, forsooth, the Prssident
Has stated that he feels
It's not the proper thing for them
To fly around on wheels.
And anything he says must be
The law in Washington;
A single word from him's the Ten
Commandments bunched in one.
He knows the streets of Washington
Have power to entice
The blkesters, till they think they're on
The streets of Paradise.
And yet, despite the cnarrn, he sayi
They must not ride. Alack !
Are women cowards, not to hit
The tyrant in the back?
They do not raise a hand to strike!
Their courage ia a clam !
Ye gods! and do our women think
"Sic semper" is a sham?
It must be so. We only hear
These ladies weep an I wail,
As every woman tamely bangs
Her bloomers on a nail.
—New York Su
RELICS OF AN EPHEMERAL STATE.
The short-lived republic of Formosa was
equipped with a good many of the appliances
of civilization, although it was established by
Chinamen and presided over by a Black Flag
chief. It was called into being: when the Chi
nese Taotai left the island iv order to surren
der it to the Japanese. On the departure of
the Taotai the literati of Tainanf v bent to Liv
Yung Fu, the Black Flag chief, who was then
at Takow, and asked him to come to the city
with all his available forces and defend it
against the invader. Liv came, and a Parlia
ment was at once elected. Seven Senators
were formed into a Cabinet, and the Presi
dency of the republic was offered to Liu. At
the end of a few weeks the republic passed
away. The Japanese planted their flae at
Tainanfu* and Liv fled no one knows whither.
Among the relies of this ephemeral state are
a considerable quantity of paper money—
very depreciated— and ■ two issues of postage
stamps, which are at a .-.
high premium. Th 3 post
age stamps are all of one
design, a fac-simile of
which is reproduced
from the Chinese news
paper Hupao. This is a
10-cent stamp of the face
value of 100 cash. On
the top are characters in
ancient Chinese for "Re
public of Formosa"; on
the right, in modern
Stamp of the Parmesan
Republic.
Chinese, "One hundred
cash," and on the left
"Stamp," or sitan, a pho
net i c rendering for
stamp — "paper." In th» center, and oc
cupying about three-fourths of the surface
of the stamp, is the emblem of the
republic — a ticer. According to the Hupao
the first issue ot these stamps was all bought up
by foreigners from Hongkong, Arnoy ana Foo
chow, and the present one is a representation
of the second issue.
Philatelists will no doubt be interested in
further particulars of this very curious issue
of stamps. The first of the two issues were
impressed from a locally cut silver die, and
were printed on thin tissue paper unperfor
ated. About 5000 only of these were issued.
The colors were green, violet and red. The die
was then melted and attempts made to get a
more perfect one stamped. Failing this a new
die was obtained from Canton, and a new
issue of stamps impressed from the Canton die
made. These were also in three colors, blue,
violet and red, but are all perforated. The
face values of the different stamps were for
both issues three, five and ten cents respect
ively. It should be noted that the legitimate
manufacture of Formosan stamps ceased with
the existence of the republic, and it is neces
sary that very careful precautions be taken to
avoid forgeries, as already the demand for
first issues especially has called the forger
into tho field. Liv decreed that all Chinese
letters posted through the local offices should
be stamped, and the bags were duly vised to
insure this Having been done.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Representative Wood of Illinois has listened
I to every speech made in the House since the
present session began.
Extracts from the European newspapers are
read to King Menelok of Abyssinia by one of
his nephews, who studied in Paris.
William. E. Gladstone has never been fond of
speaking French, but he delights to make use
of the Italian tongue, with' which he is thor
oughly conversant. -
The portrait of General Harrison, recently
added to the White House collection, is con
sidered one of the best works, ever done by
Eastman Johnson. __■ ■ . I
The Crown Princess of Denmark is over 6 feet
2 inches tall.. She is a granddaughter of Mme.
Desiree Clary, who was the first sweetheart of
Napoleon Bonaparte, and married Bernadotte.
The statue of John Bright, recently unveiled
at Westminster, is ■ highly l displeasing to the
dead statesman's; family. They have written
to the Duke of Devonshire protesting against
the work. : ' " ''.'
Ex-Governor John P. St. John of Kansas, the
Prohibition leader, has formally joined the
Populist party. He will seek ; the nomination
to Congress from the Second Kansas District
on a free silver and prohibition platform.
Cecil Rhodes came near having a novel expe
rience in ■ London, as one of his iormer danc
ing masters, who advertises to teach all society
dances, par ticulary the skirt dance, tried to
get up a dinner in honor of j the f great African.
Truth heard of it and made fun of . the project,
and the enterprising master of the dance came
to grief. • - , : •
Here are President - Cleveland's measure
ments,: taken from a Washington tailor's
books: : : -'. - -■'..■
1895. 1896.
Wai5t........."....... ........511^ " 613,4-
Around hips. 68V4 60
Thigh......... .............29 • SO
I*g, in5ide............ ...SO • 30
Che5t.....:;... 501 A . 60%
Arm, in5ide. ..........,..;..... .......SO '- 30
Arm, 0ut5ide..... ...;............ .-...34% 34%'
Thou© Railroad Bridges.
Alameda Telegram.
It is earnestly to be hoped that the Govern
ment will take action in the matter of construct
ing a substantial bridge to take the place of the
two now spanning the harbor between Oakland
and Alameda. These bridges are totally inade
quate, and a deoided impediment to naviga
tion. We are surprised that they have been al
lowed to remain so long as they have.
A New Kggr Tester.
Pomona Progress.
If the new system of photography could he
uiilized in photograph ing grocery eggs to dis
cover their contents before breaking them, how
much unpleasantness it would sometimes save.
Why They Are So Quiet.
National City Kecord.
Considering the mess of crow in sight for
the Democratic party this fall it is small won
der that Democratic aspirants to the Presiden
tial chair keep a discreet Bilouce.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Yesterday an odd-looking old gentleman, his
head bound around with broad, white bands, 9
and from the side of whose face was a protuber
ance, indicating toothache, boils, carbuncle or
what not, as the imagination might suggest,
walked ■ into the Palace. Leaning against the
counter, he intently studied the pages of the
register for a few moments, and then grasping
a pen he wrote: :',.'■
• &. N. Bbockway. :
: ILL H. A>" PERSON. ' ;
: Call at Bass House. •
; Having done this he leisurely contemplated
his writing, as though entirely satisfied with it,
and walked up and down by the desk. The
arched eyebrows, and other symptons of Bur- '
The Odd Traveler From the Town of Garner, Who Was Determined to Be Found
by His Friend, W. H. Anderson.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
prise which were molded in the face of Clerk
Ruckex, indicated that this experience was oi
a novel character. He braced himself, how
ever, and asked, as though to break the ice and
get some sort of a reason for the queer act:
"Do you wish a room, sir?"
"No," was the reply. "I merely put my name
down there bo that my friend Anderson will
know where to find me in case he comes to
this hotel."
Mr. Rucker asked v.hy he had not left him a
Dote for his friend instead of making a bulle
tin board of the register. In an acerbic tone
he told the old gentleman that now he must
be put to the trouble of scratching that out.
•'Oh, I'll do it," said the old gentleman, and he
proffered his services, but Mr. Rucker was
inoiified and proceeded to scratch it all out
himself.
"This is the worst yet," he W9nt on. "I've
had most all kinds of experiences hitherto, but
ii's the first time I ever had a stranger walk in,
make a bulletin board of the register for his
friends and walk out again, all the time stay
ing at another hotel."
it turned out afterward that the odd visitor
with the white bandages was a tourist, from
Garner, lowa, who had got here ahead of his
lowa neighbor, Anderson, who was also from
the same town. Mr. Anderson discovered Mr.
Brockway later at the Russ, where he regis
tered himself, and all was serene again. The
two Dromios were as contented as the Athe
nian travelers, who asked of each other about
talcing their ease in their hotel.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Want Clean Politics.
San Jos« Mercury.
The San Francisco Republicans are making
a good fight for clean politics.
Happy Santa Ana.
Orange County Herald.
Plenty of rain, crops insured, prosperous
year ahead, what more can we desire?
Autocrat* Not Wanted.
Berkeley Gazette.
The United States no longer has any use for
a man who considers himself above the people.
An Intimation for Husbands.
Los Angeles Express.
No man was ever hauled before a divorce
judge who always agreed with what his wife
baid.
Under False Pretenses.
San Jose Mercury.
Every time a member of the Kentucky Legis
lature draws his week's salary he is guilty of
obtaining money under false pretenses.
How It Works in Knglami.
Ventura People's Advocate.
According to General Booth's "Darkest Eng
land" there are 5,775,500 people in poverty
and want in that country, or one-tifth the en
tire population. What the «»old standard has
done for England it is doing for this country
and all gold-standard countries.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Worth Ten Cknts— Roy, Santa Cruz. A dime
of 1877 is worth 10 cents.
Twin Peaks— D. B. C, City. The highest
point of Twin Peaks is 905 feet above base.
The base line is seven feet and eight-tenths
above ordinary high tide.
A Policeman's Widow— J., City. If a police
officer of the City meets death while in the dis
charge of his duty his widow receives a pen
sion eaual to a third of the salary her husband
was paid. If a policeman dies from natural
causes after he has reen on the force for ten
years his widow receives $1000 from the pen
sion fund. When a pensioned officer dies his
pension dies wfth him.
Two Poems— J. M. , Sonora, Cai. "Aftermath 1
was written by Henry W. Longfellow. This
poem, placed last in the book, gave title to the
volume published in 1873, which included the
third part of "Tales of a Wayside Inn 1 ' and the
third "Flight of Birds of Passage." The com
pletion of "Tales" on his sixty-sixth birthday
may have given rise to this poem. Longfellow
also wrote, in 1846, a poem entitled "The
Builders," in which occurs ttoe following:
Let ds do our work aa well,
Both the unseen and the seen;
Make the bouse where God may dwell
Beautiful, entire and clean.
Padebbwski— J. G., City. A biography of
Paderewski published in the latter part of 1895
says that the famous pianist was born in Po
dolia, Poland (Russian), November 6, I860:
that he began playing the piano at the age of
3 years, and received instructions from local
leaders until 1872, when he went to Warsaw
and later to Berlin and continued his studies
in both cities. When 18 years of age ne was a
professor in the Warsaw University. In 1884
he abandoned teaching and took a three-year
course under Leschetitzky. He made his de
but as a professional pianist in 1887 in Vienna.
In 1891 he commenced a tcur of the United
States, adding to his fame and his wealth.
There is no mention of marriage.
Bt-LL-FiGHTs— O. & R., Wallace, Calaveras
County, Cal. Combats of men with Dulls for
the entertainment ox the public were quite
common in Greece, particularly Thessaly, and
in Rome under the Emperors. They are still
a pastime in Spain and Mexico. Fights of this
character were abolished in Spain by Carlos
IV, but were, as a matter of policy, re-estab
lished by Joseph, the brother of Napoleon. In
Madrid the bull-fighting; season commences in
April and does not terminate until November,
and during that time at least one afternoon a
week is devoted to that sport.
Delaware— C. E. C, Lodi, Cal. The bound
ary of the northern part of the State of Dela
ware forms a part of a complete circle. That
part was created by drawing a circle in a radius
of twelve miles from the center of the Court
house, then standing in the center of Newcas
tle, for the purpose of securing to the State of
Delaware sole jurisdiction over the Delaware
River and Delaware Bay from low- water mark
on the Jersey side over a mile north of wiiere
Naamans Creek, on the western or Delaware
side, enters the Delaware, extending southward
24 miles to a place a short distance from where
the Silver Kun Creek flows into it from the Jer
sey side.
PERSONAL.
Claud R. Watson of London is at the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Hudson of Ukiah is at the Baldwin.
T. J. Waldron. an attorney of Ukiah, is in the
City.
George A. Craw of Portland is at the Occi
dental.
Albert Wagner of Leipsic is at the Occi
dental.
Alex Keiller of Placerville is stopping at the
Cosmopolitan.
E. A. Clarke, a capitalist of Sonora, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
J. E. King, a mining man of Forest Hill, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
G. E. Van Wort, a prominent attorney of
Chicago, is in the City.
G. Porter of Shanghai was among the ar
rivals by the Coptic last night.
Dr. J. F. Christal and Dr. J. A. Maguire of
Santa Cruz arrived here yesterday. '
C. C. Crow of Crows Landing arrived here
yesterday and is at the California.
A. McDowell and \V. Murray, the horse-grow
ers of Pleasanton, are at the Grand.
T. F. Loughlin, a wealthy grower of Dallas,
Tex., is among recent arrivals here.
C. C. Ortega, Republican Congressional com
mitteemnn from Sonora, is a guest at the Cos
mopolitan.
Ira D. Sankey, the singing evangelist, and
his friends have returned here and are at the
Occidental.
J. A. Strowbridge, owner of the Strowbridge
block, Portland, and much other property
there, is at the Lick.
C. M. Gosling, an extensive fruit-dealer of
Philadelphia, is at the Palace. He handles a
great deal of California fruit.
F. E. Curtis, who manages the railroad eat
ing-houses at Indio and Yuma, arrived here
yesterday. He is at the Grand.'
Mme. de Valpincon and Mine. Languellier, of
Paris, wealthy ladies who had been in China
and Japan, arc at the Occidental.
J. W. Shannon and J. Shannon, English
gentlemen of wealth who are touring the
world, arrived yesterday on the steamer
Coptic.
GeOrge W. Lovie, a leading citizen and insur
ance man of Redwood City and secretary of
the Republican County Committee of San Ma
teo County, was in the City yesterday.
About seventy-five Raymond <fe Whitcomb
excursionists arrived here yesterday and are
at the Palace. They are largely from New
England and some of the middle Western
States.
W. G. A. Pattee, an attorney of Quincy. Mass.,
is sojourning in San Francisco. He surveyed
the City Hall yesterday and gazed upon tho
portraits of Massachusetts men ia the Mayor's
gallery.
General A. T. Gorham of Cincinnati, wno
wae director-general of the Centennial Exposi
tion, is at the California, accompanied by a
party of friends. They had been on a visit to
the country.
D. Bernard of Denver, who tormerly lived in
California and built a portion of the Bouthern
Pacific road in San Luis Obispo County, and
recently completed a railroad contract in Ja
maica, is at the Grand.
It is stated that the Chamber of Commerce
will hold a reception in honor of Chauncey M.
Depew and Mr. Vunderbilt. Rome of the social
clubs will do likewise if the gentlemen will
consent to it and the Mayor, it is expected, will
entertain them at the Cliff House.
CALIFORNIA NS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.— Among recent
arrivals are: I. R. Hall, Holland; F. M. Peindle,
Hoffman; J. H. Borland, Imperial; D. F. Hatch,
St. Cloud; E. Gellois, Stuart; Mrs. J.Martin,
Hoffman; G. A. Moore, Astor.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Customer— What is your outside figure lor a
dozen photographs?
Photographer— Outside figure $4, $10 with
cathode rays. — honkers Statesman.
General Pompus— l am to speak at a banquet
to-night and I want you to write my speech
for me.
Scribe— What do you take me for— a gas
fitter?—Truth.
Rey. Parsons— l hope there was something
about my sermon which interested you?
Mr. Knapp — Yes, sir; it was long to be re
membered.—Yonkers Statesman.
Gentlemanly.— The Sheriff— You say that the
fellow who broke jail left a message behind?
The keeper— Yes, sir; here it is on this
paper— "Excus« the liberty! take."— Trucli.
What did he expect?— " Miss Jaysmith, have
you done any Lenten penance?"
•"Why, Mr. Cassock, I've heard you preach
every day for weeks and weeks."— Chicago
Record.
Miss Caustic— When I saw Mrs. Hainface the
other day her head was completely turned by
finery.
Miss Simplex— Why, I thought she never
wore finery.
Miss Caustic— She doesn't; her head was
turned to look at the finery of Mrs. Goltt, who
had just passed.
"Adam may have been the author of original
sin," says a Nebraska clergyman, "but at least
c was not guilty of inventing the mother-in
law joke."
A coming prophet.— Mrs. Wabash— l shall not
! 'l." • limbs, lit a^ ant * SUfC tCUef " Slia3 " the back, Side chest, cr 5 "
S AHrrfcrtr'c Poroui f
S O Plaster \
Z .. B ? AR IN Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and iaxtica- \
P tions is as good as the genuine. ■
be in the least astonished if Johnny develop!
clairvoyant powers.
Mrs. jackson-Parke— lndeed?
"Yes. He is the son of a seventh husband,
you know."— lndianapolis Journal.
Mrs. Fussy— And your husband has never re
ferred to his mother's cooking?
Mrs. Bland— Never; John was brought up in
a hotel.— Texas Siftings.
If Edison is anxious for an untimely death
all he has to do is to invent Roentgen photo
graphs of the human brain with phonograph
attachments.— Philadelphia Ledger.
Actress (angrily)— Did you write that criti
cism which said my impersonation of the
abandoned wife was a miserable failure?
Critic— Ye-e-e-s; you see you loosed so irre
sistibly beautiful that it waß impossible to
fancy that any man could abandon you.— Tit-
Bits.
LAbY'S NIGHTGOWN.
The gown shown here is a shape that wears
extremely well, for the part that usually gives
way first (the yoke) is made double.
It may be worn with a small turn-over collar
or maybe trimmed with a large collar of the
goods, or embroidery.
For muslin gowns a collar of the same with a
ruffle of Hamburg embroidery sewed on with
an open work border makes a neftt and Inex
pensive trimming.
A band of insertion with an open, bead efige
let in between the ruffle- and collar make» a
dainty looking gown. The Insertion is b#st
joiiied at the corners by cutting off square and
overhanding the edges together carefully. If
the pattern Is in zigzag lines it is better to cut
it cornerwise and join the edges in the same
way.
For dainty gowns of batiste the collar may
be exquisitely trimmed with a frill of Valen
ciennes or "point de Paris" lace, by rolling the
edge of the collar between the thumb and fore
finger, and sewing the lace right on the edge,
the stitches holding the tiny roll and the lace.
It takes but a little patience to learn to do thi»,
and then one can make at home, at little ex
pense, comparatively (excepting time), very
exquisite gowns, such as come from the French
convent*.
Heavy lawns with a tiny dot in pink or blue
are used for night dresses. Collars of plain
pink or blue lawn make a pretty trimming.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
... . , ».♦ . « x
Solid chocolate cream eggs, 2 sc. TownsendV
.» ♦ — « —
• Plain mixed candies, 10c lb. Townsend's .*
— « — « — * ■ .. ■ : •
■ Cream Mixed Candies. 25c lb. | To wnsend's. •
r i •■-.*. "'.:• i.'-v -*r.— ' ■■■"» '»..»' ■<**'»iy;.":j!-'Ti :.;.:,« ■
Choicest cream bonbons, glace : fruits j and
nuts, 50c lb. Towusends, 627 Market, Palace. •
, _ ; . — _ • — +. — .»-~ mm, . d, j .
• .ErsaAi. Information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and ■ public men by the Prau
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery." ' •
*^_^^ -
That Syndicate Contract.
Woodland Mail.
Now let Congress go to the bottom of that
private syndicate contract.
When* so many people are talcing and deriving
benefit from Hood's Sarsaparllla, why don't you
try it yourself? It will build you up. Hood's
Barsaparllla will make you strong.'
Fob Bronchial asp Asthmatic Complaint 1 ",
"-Sretrw'* Bronchial Trochct" have remarkable
curative properties.
Dr. Siv.qert'9 Angostura Bitters Is known all
over . the world as the great regulator of the di
gestive organs- ;; ' " .
NEW TO-DAY.
REAL ESTATE
• FOR SALE BY
Tips, laps & Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
[■[ And Publishers "Real Estate Circular." '
4 Montgomery Street,
mm trust Biiume, COMER .9UUET.'.
NEW PROPERTY
Fine, new, just finished residence: 2-story, base-
ment and attic; basement, billiard-room and laun-
dry; main floor, saloon . parlors, dining-room and
kitchen; upper floor, 4 bedrooms and bath, porce-
lain tiled; attic, 2 bedrooms; facing public
square on Steiner St., bet. Hayes and Grove; street
bitumlnized;. price $8000: terms to suit. ... ,
' Grant aye. business property; rents $490; close
to Market. ' ■ .".
.Twenty-fourth and Chattanooga: 117:6x65 to
an alley; 2 corners and 3 fronts: good 7-room cot-
tage: electric line passes; $7500. .■ :
-NW. cor. Fillmore and Filbert; 24x100, arid cot-
tage ; $3000. . ■ . . ■ . ■....:
NE. cor. Castro and Army sts.; 26:6x114; only
$800. ..
INVESTMENTS.
Make , offer; Ellis-st. corner; rents $274 50;
$30,000; 90x125; covered with 6 2-story dwelliuKS
and 9 flats; both streets in good order; must ha
sold to close an estate. ■■■ "■•■• -:\ ■■ -■■-..
Geary-st. business corner, near Taylor; rents
$142 50: near Taylor: $25,000.
$80,000— Rents $195: Polk st., near California;
60x80; tine 3-story building; stores below and
rooming-house above. . -■ *■: - •■ ■ ■•■'
-. fciixteeuth-st. corner; best business part of the
street; large lot and good building in stores; $17,*
000.
- , V. corner California, beyond Laguna: . 63x80,
and i two-story and planked: basement houses in
finest order; $1800 just spent ou mem: rents,
$120, price. $17,600; always rented. ...
Claj -at., near Davis: brtck building: rents $150:
good. frontage; only $28,000. • " , ■•* -■ •■ ■
Near East su and' Market; 75x119:6: two front*!
rents $22a: fine investment; only $40^00.
HOUSES AND tOTS 93000 AN ' OVER*,
California-st. "residence, ' west of .Laguna; ye*
fine DelKliborhood; large lot, 27:6x137:6: m«l*
nlflcent view; $9500. ; si
Pine, near Stockton; 84:6x77:6 and 2-»tery
of 12 rooms in good order; $800 just spent cn't;
rents 835; $6000. - , ; n =•
« Xaberty-st. house and lot, 26x115; comfort. ®
2-story; bet. Valencia and Guerrero:. one of ">•
finest residence streets of the Mission; $4000. *
ShotweJl st., west side, near Twenty-second:"'^
96:6 and 2 cottages, 6 rooms and bath each; :tntt
$30; fine street; $5000; make offer. 1 , " '■
i $3000; Bryant st. near Third; cottage aid lot
22.x 80 to rear lane. - •••--'. ... . . [^ ''
Stevenson at.; rents $60; 3 2-story and base-
ment bouses and 10t,' 60x70; $6500. f ■'•'■ '•Saturday march 28, i»9»
AMUSEMENTS.
Fai.ttvin Theater.— "A Millc White Flag."
California Theater— " Capt. Impudence; " or
"Mexico."
CoLfMBiA Theater— "Sinbad."
&obosco'b Opera-Hocsk— "An Irish States-
Ban.'
3 ivoli Opera-Hot'SK.— "Said Pasha."
Crphevm.— High-Class Vandevilla.
»-kcver'b alcazar.— -'Confusion" and Vaude-
ville.
The AcniToßirM— Corner of Jones and Eddy
•treets— Materna ana Ondricek, this afternoon.
Macdonough Thkatkk <Oaki and)- " A Texas
Steer." Xext Monday night Anna Eva Fay.
StTRo Coney Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert.
gBooT thk Chi tes— Dally at Haight street,
tie block t-ast of the Park.
La* lMfeTßicr 1 back.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By J. C. Mi-theb— This day (Saturday), Fur-
niture, at 805 Capp street, at 11 o clock.
By Wiii.K. Fishier <& Co.— This day (Saturday),
Turkish Hugs, at 236 Sutler st., at 2 o'clock.
By «. H. Imkskn & Co.— Monday, March 30
Peal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street
at 12 o'clock noon.
By EaBTOK &. Fldbibok.- Tuesday) March 31,
Beal Kstate, at 638 Market st., at. 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Benjamin C. Austin Jr. is accused of bigamy.
The Fair will case has been continued for a
week.
The Lick Old Ladies' Home wants to change
its name.
Fair; warmer; westerly winds— To-day's fore
ca>t by Official McAdie.
The yachting season will be formally opeued
to-morrow at Point Tiburon.
President Law of the Van Ness Avenue Im
provement Club has gone to Chicago.
Frank Adams is projecting a canal from the
biKTaniento River above Redding to S?uisun
Bay.
Robert Boyd was arrested yesterday on a
charge of assault upon Rosa Martin on Pine
street.
A general mass-meeting of the Mission resi
dents has been called for Saturday evening,
April 4.
The Hebrew feast of Passover will commence
this evening and will be celebrated at all the
synagogues.
A nephew of the late Dr. James T. Gheselin
is h.re from Maryland in reiere.uce to the
doctor's estate.
J. K. Kdminster of Chicago, who arrived
from Hongkong yesterday, says the black plague
is raging there.
The ninth popular concert was given in
(iolden Gate Hall yesterday afternoon by the
Bymphouy Orchestra.
New hog limits were established by the
Health and Police Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday.
The winning horses at the Bay District track
yesterday were: Kcad Runner, Flirtilla, Lena,
{"erhaps.'lke L and bailie Clicquot.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth Assem
bly District entertained their friends with
music and refreshments last evening. _
Evangelist Sankey closed his series of meet
ings in this City by a song service at Y. M. C.
A. Hall last evening to a large audience.
The Finance Committee ef the Board of
Supervisors has ordered the poultry account
01 the City and County Hospital kept down.
The Forty-tilth District Republicans met in
Garibaldi 'Hall last night, chose Supervisor
King for district leader and enrolled 400 names.
The body of Edward A. Hatherton, an archi
tect was recovered from the bay yesterday. He
disappeared a month ago. It was a case of
Buicide.
Tlip Goto remedy for the lepers will be se
cured from Japan immediately, as Supervisor
Benjamin has agreed to . advance the sum
necessary.
>irs. B. Sturtevant Peets' birthday will be
celebrated as franchise day by all the Woman's
Christian Temperance Unions of the State
April -Z~.
Captain Lees said yesterday that Patrolman
Rourte was removed to a quiet beat because
he had shattered his nerves by overwork in
the Lane case.
Professor Cory and Instructor Le Conte are i
still guarded in their statements concerning
their great discovery of the source of the
Roentgen ray.
The question of consolidating the Mission
High School Club and the Park Club was dis
cussed last night at Native Sous' Hall on Sev
enteenth street.
Piofessor Wicklov of the State University
addressed the State Horticultural Society yes
terday on the adulteration of paris green
when* sold as an insecticide.
General Marquis Yamagata, commandcr-in-
Chief of the Japanese army, arrived on the Cop
tic last evening. He is on his way to Russia to
attend the coronation of the Czar.
C. Ellinger, a miner, of Circle City, Alaska,
arrived here yesterday, and says 671 people
are wintering in the camp. Four new gulches
■were discovered before snow came on.
Two San Francisco ladies are suing a steam
ship company because they had to pay extra,
passage money and wore given poor accommoda
tions on their return from a trip to Europe.
H. C. Bunner, editor of Puck, who has been
seriously ill at the Occidental, is somewhat
better, aud if there is no relapse he and Mrs.
Bunner will start for home next Wednesday.
Three horses, the sole support of Mrs. Amelia
Sternseher and her family, were ordered
released from the Pound by the Health and
Police Committee of the Supervisors yesterday.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has received
a letter from President Phipps of Los Angeles
Typographical Union in favor of the appoint
ment of a Deputy Labor Commissioner in that
city.
Mrs. Isabel Nolte said, in the course of a
woman suffrage symposium at the Third Con
gregatioual C&urch, that thousands of women
will vote with no more regard for the result
than a cat.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald says there
is over $75,000 owing to laborers by con
tractors of this City, and he intends to draft an
Important bill to be presented to the next
.Legislature.
Collector Wise was before the United States
Grand Jury yesterday in connection with the
investigation that body is making into the
charges of unofficial conduct against Chinese
Inspector Williams.
Harry Debel, the young South San Francisco
tough arrested Monday last on a charge of
burglary, was arraigned for trial before Judge
Joaehimsen yesterday. He was committed to
the Youth's Directory for sixty days.
James Martin was convicted of battery in- De
partment 2 yesterday and fined $50. A few
days ago Martin made an unprovoked attack
on Officer (irunewald, resulting in his arrest
and ultimate conviction, as stated above.
President Foster of the San Francisco nad
yorth Pacific Railway will appear on Monday
before Judge Seawell to answer a charge of
contempt of court for his failure to recognize
Kidney V. Smith as a director of the road.
E. H. Hinton, the general agent of the Pana
ma" Railroad Company, was summoned to
Panama by wire yesterday. His departure at
this time is believed to signify the reorganiza
tion of the Transcontinental Traffic Associa
tion.
Robert Miller, 1039 Mission street, while
alighting from a westbound car, was struck
by an ingoing car, sustaining a fracture of the
left leg. He was carried to the Receiving
Hospital, Dr. Thompson attending his in
juries.
Negotiations are to be commenced between
the Mechanics' Institute and the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association having for
their obiect the holding of a grand exposition
of California products in the Mechanics'
pavilion. .
Another meeting of members of Dr. Brown's
cburch was held in Dr. McDonald's office to
r^.ort progress on the petition to compel the
mstor to resign. A dispatch signed by C. O.
Bnwu appears in the Kalamazoo papers to the
effect that he had been acquitted.
H A J°v, living at '2652 Folsom street, was
thrown from a milk wagon corner of Green
and Jones street last night, receiving serious
»nd possibly fatal internal injuries. He was
rarr-"d to the Receiving Hospital, and at a
late hour last night was said to be slightly
better
Professor John Monteith addressed the
w«!kiv meeting of the Society of American
Sociai'i'ta last evening upon the proposition
recently advanced by a professor of King s
r£rtW« England, that the working classes had
weired their full share of England's industrial
prosper^. He argued that this position was
not tenable.
William Dailey. the empressario who pro
duced the Durrant case as "The Crime of a
fpnturv ' irbtcri was prohibited by Judge
Mkrotay W gone to Tia Juana to engage
ne" niece written by Richard C. White, dc
pfcTing the strong points of the recent Dr.
Brown scandal- . r
GooD.vEfe*.<-'raciou!,! I'm well already. How
quickly Mitchell's Magic Lotion actsl So clean
and easy to use, too.
TRAIL OF FORGERY
AND PERJURY
The Grand Jury Gets New
Light on a Cele
brated Case.
AN IMPORTANT WITNESS
Mrs. Sarah R. Spencer, Formerly
Mrs. Owen, Tells Her
Story.
SHE WAS FALSELY ACCUSED.
Sequel to the Forging of Harriet P.
Christy's Name and the Trial
of C. yon Tiedeman.
The Grand Jury is on the trail of a gang
of perjurers and forgers and several in
dictments may follow. In March, 1894, an
attempt was made by forging the name of
Harriet P. Christy to record a fraudulent
mortgage on her property and raise
thereby $15,000, but the scheme was dis
covered and C. yon Tiedeman arrested and
tried for complicity in the transaction. It
was alleged that he endeavored to get Mr.
Mulcahy, a cigar-dealer near the City
Hall, to rile the fradulent instrument.
There was testimony on Yon Tiedeman's
trial before Judge Belcher of the Superior
Court that a lady representing herself to
be Harriet P. Christy signed the docu
ments in the presence of Lee D. Craig.
The picture of Mrs. Sarah R. Owen, living
at Twenty-fourth and Shot-well streets,
was produced at the trial, and four or rive
witnesses swore that it was the photograph
of a lady who signed the name of Harriet
P. Christy.
This testimony was vigorously con
tradicted, and proof was offered that Mrs.
' Owen was not in San Francisco on March
i 8, 1894. when the forgery was committed.
Judge Frederick Adams of Oakland
knew then positively that Mrs. Owen was
{ in Chicago, for he was in constant receipt
i of letters from her, but his knowledge did
not change the current in favor of the
accused Yon Tiedeman, who was acquitted.
That a woman associating with a gang
lof swindlers did personate Harriet P.
I Christy there is no doubt. That the
i woman -was not Mrs. Sarah K. Owen was
J fully established by evidence presented to
; the Grand Jury yesterday.
The chief witness yesterday was Mrs. Sa
rah R. Spencer,formerly Mrs. Owen. When
i she lett San Francisco in February, 1895,
she was Mrs. Owen, widow of Mr. Owen, a
former rancher residing near Red Bluff.
In March, 1895, at the Fifth-avenue Hotel,
New York, she married Mr. Spencer. Her
husband was one of the witnesses yester
day. Mrs. Spencer is a lady who has
property and money. She is an invalid,
and had to be carried to the jury-room in
an invalid's chair, but she told her story
in a manner which fully convinced every
one of the jury that her statements were
true.
She produced board bills and receipts
from the Palmer House, Chicago, showing
conclusively by the hotel stamp that she
was there on the very day that the name
of Harriet P. Christy was forged in San
Francisco. Tracing her line of travel, she
produced a record of extension of her
tick*ets at Hot Springs, Ark. She was sus
tained by the testimony of two ladies who
accompanied her across the bay on her de
parture from San Francisco prior to the
time the forgery was committed.
Judge Frederick Adams of Oakland pro
duced letters from Mrs. Spencer with Pal
mer House envelopes, addressed in her
own handwriting and bearing Chicago
postmark of mailing and Oakland post
mark of receipt. One letter was written
two days before the forgery and one two
days a*fter. These proofs of Mrs. Spencer's
presence in Chicago on the day in March,
1894, that the false witnesses swore that
she was at the office of Craig, the notary,
were submitted to the Grand Jury.
E. D. Piexotto, Assistant District Attor
ney, who conducted the prosecution of
Tiedeman in Judge Belcher's Court in
May, 1895, was a witness. Other witnesses
were L. A. Souc, real estate man; James
Nagle, Mrs. Bpencer's attorney ; Oscar
Tolle, clerk of Judge Belcher's court, and
J. J. McGinniss, stenographer of that
court. The notes of the stenographer
were produced to show the names of the
witnesses who swore that Mrs. Owen
signed the papers at the notary's office.
Mr. Abbott, the railroad ticket agent
who sold Mrs. Owen her ticket East, gave
testimony showing the date the ticket was
sold.
The strong chain of evidence presented
was linked together by Detective Tho mas
Dillon. In the hearing of witnesses, Alfred
P. Black, Assistant District Attorney, at
tended the session of the Grand Jury.
Detective Dillon has two women under
suspicion in this case. One of them is
Kittie Fletcher, who was accused of steal
ing property. She subsequently jumped
her bail and went away with her husband.
John Desmond, who was on her bond, got
fourteen years in the penitentiary for
swearing that he owned real estate on
Minna street, which, in fact, belonged to
the Treadwell estate.
It is not clear at present just how many
people were connected with this gang of
swindlers. The forgery of Harriet P.
Christy's name did not succeed, as a simi
lar game did in the celebrated Emma Dick
case. There is proof now before the Grand
Jury which may send some of the gang to
prison for perjury and compel others to
disclose the name of the ringleader.
The committee on water and gas corpo
rations of the Grand Jury, consisting of
Cornelius O'Connor, C. S. Laumeister and
A. F. Price, recently received a long letter
from Joseph B- Crockett, president of the
San Francisco Gas Company. It is set
forth in the communication that the gas
company's customers number 30,000, and
that the deposit fund does not exceed $35,
--000. The president explained that it was
formerly the custom to exact a deposit
from every customer, whether known or
unknown. Now a deposit is not required
from any customer who can give a guar
antee.
The Health Department committee of
the jury, P. F. Butler, Louis Feldmann
and E. £. Cheever, will visit the Alms
house next Tuesday.
DR. GHISELIN'S ESTATE.
Fred Sasscer, a Nephew, Here From
Maryland to Look After It.
Fred Sasscer of Upper Marlboro, Md., a
nephew and executor of the estate of Dr.
James T. Ghiselin of Portland, the retired
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
army surgeon, who recently died at the
Occidental, arrived here yesterday on busi
ness in connection with the estate.
It is said Dr. Ghiselin's estate will reach
a valuation of several hundred thousand
dollars. The doctor was an old army sur
geon, end was stationed in the early days
at Fort Vancouver. He invested in Port
land real estate, and on his retirement set
tled there, gradually accumulating a for
tune. In later years he resided here.
ME. BUNNER OF PUCK.
His Fever Has Decreased, He Is a Lit
tle Stronger and Hopes to Start
for Home Wednesday.
H. C. Bunner, the editor of Puck, who
has Deen seriously ill at the Occidental for
about three weeks, ■has improved materi
ally during the last day or two. It is be
lieved now by his physician, Dr. G. E.
Sussdorff, that he will be able to start for
his home in New York on Wednesday
next. Dr. Sussdorff said yesterday in re
gam to him :
"His fever has been reduced, he has
gained a little in strength and he is feeling
first rate. If no relapse occurs he will be
able to make the trip without mishap and
in comfort. The journey if made straight
through would require about five days,
but if Mr. Bunner gets tired he wiil stop
at Kansas City or St. Louis for a little
rest."
Editor and Mrs. Bunner and their
cousin, W. C. Bunner, of this City, who
will accompany them, will go East via
Ogden and Denver. Editor Bunner has
complete confidence in his ability to rally
from the tuoerculosis. He expects to direct
the destinies of the comic weekly Puck for
many years yet and does not regard the
fears of his friends as being well founded.
Mr. Schwarzman who, with Mr. Kepp
ler, is proprietor of the journal, has sent
many telegrams of inquiry and proffers of
assistance if it was in his power to render
any since Mr. Bunnei's illness.
The United States Tug Unadilla as She Lay at Jackson-Street Wharf Yesterday With the New Yawl
, Yacht Arcturus Passing on Her Trial Trip.
DRUGS FOR THE LEPERS
The Goto Remedy Will Be Pro
cured From Yokohama Im
mediately,
Supervisor Benjamin Will Advance
the Sum Needed to Compete
the Fund.
The following is the complete list of con
tributions to the leper remedy fund:
Mayor Sutro, |20; Supervisor E. C. Benja
min, $20; M. H. Heyneman, 33 Battery
street, $20; subscribed through The Call,
$54 50; Mrs. L. Wilkins, Ran Rafael, $10;
H. J. Crocker, stationer, 215 Bush street,
$5; W. W. Montague & Co., stove firm, 309
Market street, $5; George A. Newhail,
autio neer, 309 Sansome street, $5; F. E.
Benjamin, $2 50; C. G. Church, with A. C.
Deitz & Co., $10; Mrs. Garthwaite, Oak
land, $1; O. B. Smith, 301 Front street, $1:
T. H. Bowling, $1; Jim Salts, $1; X. D.
Barnstead, $1; C. W. Benjamin, $2 50. To
tal. $159 50.
Supervisor C. E. Benjamin, who has
taken an active interest in the charitable
plan of supplying the lepers at the Pest
house with the Goto remedy will not wait
to collect the rest of the money needed.
He will advance that sum, about $50, and
send immediately to Yokohama for the
Japanese medicine.
"I am more than anxious to see that cel
ebrated remedy tried here." said Mr.Benja
min yesterday, "and I want those unfortu
nate beings at the Twenty-sixth-street Hos
pital to get the benefit of the treatment as
soon as possible. I have no doubt that the
Treasury Department will let the package
of drugs come in free of duty that we may
get as much for our money as possible. Of
course we cannot expect to have a foreign
drug admitted. free all the time, but as
this is only a trial I hope to eet the
duty omitted. If the medicine is a suc
cess ararngements will be made in the fu
ture to have the drug here for constant
use."
As Mr. Benjamin has advanced the
necessary sum to complete the price of the
medicine it is to be hoped that the chari
tably disposed will continue to make their
donations, great and small, to the fund.
A more worthy object never recommended
itself to the generous-minded, as the
lepers at the Pestliouse are totally with
out medicine. Nothing whatever "within
the means of the .Board of Health or any
physician in this country can help them,
nence the necessity of sending abroad for
the medicine. The Call will continue to
receive and acknowledge all contributions
made through its office.
Without an Equal.
The San Francisco News Letter this week
provides an elaborate feast for its readers.
Editorially, treated by Arthur McEwen
and other leading journalists, are such
up-to-date topics as: "Faith and Morals,"
"Capital and Labor," "Perfecting the
Funding Bill," "Money-Making Murphy,"
"The Italian Fiasco." "The Local Democ
racy," "The Ca?e of Rev. Colburn," "The
'Rotten' Examiner" and "Undermined
Monarchies." A new feature of this
week's paper is a Berlin letter, which will
be of great interest to society and musical
folks generally. All the other depart
ments are full of live and interesting mat
ter, and with the sixth plate of the pic
turesque ii&n Francisco series go to make
up the best weekly journal San Francisco
can produce.
The Peralta-Reavis Case.
The Peralta-Reavis case was continued by
United States Commissioner Haddock yester
day until 10 o'clock a. m. on Tuesday next.
The court required more evidence before ren
dering a decision.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Unlucky U. S. Government
Tug Unadilla in Trouble
Again.
SHE DAMAGED THE BALTIMORE
Captain Nordling of the Christina
Steffens Tells His Story of
the Collision.
The new United States tug Unadilla
seems to be running in' hard luck. Cap
tain Redstone seems to have a penchant
for running into wharves and steamboats,
and in consequence a number of damage
bills have bad to be paid. In docking
yesterday morning the Unadilla struck
Jackson-street wharf a blow that almost
threw her passengers off their feet, and on
her initial trip she ran nearly five feet
into Washington-street wharf. On her
second attempt she ran between the dol
phin and the wharf, but no damage, out
side of the loss of some paint, resulted.
On the occasion of her next visit the
Unadilla very nearly cut the quarantine
tug Governor Perkins in two. The latter
was lying at Clay-street wharf, and, the
Government vessel having too much head
way on, made direct for the Perkins, and
had it not been for the presence of mind
of W. Gatley a disaster would have re
sulted. He saw the Unadilla coming, and,
casting off the mooring lines, pot the
quarantine boat away from the wharf.
The Unadilla pushed her away when she
came along, and no damage was done.
Next she nearly ran down a schooner
loaded with powder, and had that collision
occurred there would have been no United
States Government tug and one schooner
less.
The latest escapade of the erratic boat
happened last Thursday afternoon. The
Baltimore was being moved from the Mare
Island dock in order to make room for the
Bennington. Captain Redstone got too
much headway on his vessel and in conse
quence ran the Baltimore into the sea
wall and carried away quite a number of
piles. The cruiser received a severe shak
ing up, and she will be put back in the dry -
dock as soon as the Bennington comes out
to see what damage has been done to her.
As soon as the Bennington is overhauled
she will be sent to the Asiatic station.
As she lav at the foot of Jackson street
{'esterday the Unadilla presented nothing
tut a peaceful and handsome appearance.
As far as construction and material goes
she is one of the finest vessels of her class
in the bay. Nevertheless she seems to be
unfortunate, and there must be a hoodoo
somewhere.
The yawl yacht Arcturus, the first pleas
ure craft launched from Stone's shipyard
this year, had her trial trip on ttie bay
yesterday. She is very fast but will not
be seen much on the bay, as her owner is '
going to take her to Colusa. She is listed |
among the Corinthian yach ts and will race i
in the annual regattas, but the greater
part of the year she will be on the Sacra
mento. When the artist was sketching
the Unadilla he caught the Arcturus just
as she was passing Jackson-street whaif.
The schooner Christina Steffens, which
was in collision with the schooner Helen
Merriam, arrived from Timber Cove yes
terday. Her port rail, martingale and
figurehead were carried away ana her jib
torn. Captain Nordling asserts that his
vessel baa her lights burning, and in sup
port of his contention produces the follow
ing affidavits of the two sailors of the
Merriam, who came down with him:
I, Julius Paul, am a sailor on board the
schooner Helen Merriam. Ou Sunday morn
ing, thirty miles northwest of Point Reyes, I
was at tne wheel, sailing about eight knots aii
hour. Was alone on deck. The weather was
hazy. Just came on deck from takiDg coffee.
Sailed across the Christina Steffens' bow. Had
no time to do anything. The Christina Stef
fens was hauled to, sailing against the wind.
After we collided I put the wheel hard to port
and tried to shove her clear. We finally got
the vessel clear in about a half hour. We
packed our clothes and weiit on board the I
Christina Steffens.
The lights were burning on the Christina
Steffens when we struck. Just came on deck
and could not see anything when we struck.
When we went on deck of the Christina Steffens
the lights were burning. Captain Krugcl did
not ask the captain of the Christina Steffens to
stay by his vessel, but the Christina Steffens
stayed by until we packed our clothes and went
on board. Julius Paul.
March 26, 1896.
A. Norem, A. Nordling, Witnesses.
I, Donald Clow, was mate on board of the
6Choonor Helen Merriam. On Sunday morn
ing, March 22, 1896, was three sheets before
the wind. Was sailing about six and a half
knots per hour. Was in my bunk when tho
vessel struck the Christina Steffens. Went on
deck when I heard the crash and started to
lower sails. The bowsprit of the schooner
Christina Steffens was between our mainmast
and rigging. Went and put the wheel hard
down. Tried to lot the jib down, but every
thing went overboard. Then tried to shove
her off. Then packed my clothes and went on
board the schooner Christina Steffens. When
1 came on deck of the Helen Merriam 1 saw the
port lights of the schooner Christina Stefl'cns
burning. That is the only light I could see
after we collided. The starboard light was
then taken from its place and moved aft to
give light to the Helen Merriam.
Donald Clow.
Witnesses: A. Norem, A. Nordling.
The testimony in the case is very con
flicting, and it will take a court of inquiry
to place the blame.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer J. D. Peters will
resume tier running between here and
Stockton to-morrow. She has been thor
oughly overhauled and is now in first-class
condition for the summer trade. The City
of Stockton, which has been filling the
place of the Peters, will probably go to
Sausalito, where she will be used, as afloat
ing home for the directors of the company
during the summer.
The little Sacramento River steaffier
Fruitvale is being put in order for the
summer season. She went on the Mer
chants' drydock yesterday and in a few
days will be ready to resume her runs be
tween Rio Vista and Sacramento. In the
meantime the Belvedere has taKen up the
running and Captain Parker is reaping a
golden harvest.
The yacht Lucero with Charley Fair
aboard had a race witn the ferry steamer
Tiburon yesterday afternoon. The yacht
held her own for a short distance, but then
the Tiburon put on a spurt and simply
ran away from her. Mr. Fair will take his
first cruise outside ihe latter part of this
week.
Another American ship has arrived with
a tale of cruel treatment on the high seas.
Thomas Olsen, a sailor on the Aryan, has
sworn out a warrant for the arrest of First
Mate St. Clair. He ?ays the latter beat
and maltreated him and that ihe crew was
only half fed. Captain W. R. Dickinson
says the charges are unfounded, and the
chances are that Olsen will not be able to
Erove his case. When it comes to trial
is witnesses will have either changed
their minds or disappeared.
Problems in Mathematics.
At the Mark Hopkins institute this morning,
at 10 o'clock, Professor M. W. Haskell of the
University of California will deliver the first
of six free university extension lectures on
' 'Historical Problems of Mathematics." While
the lectures are intended primarily for teach
ers of mathematics, all interested in the sub
ject are invited to be present.
Fair Case Continued.
Owing to the death of Judge Slack's father
the Fair will case was yesterday continued for
a week. The Judge is much affected by the
sad bereavement, as he was devotedly attached
to his venerable pareut.
USED TOO MANY TURKEYS
Supervisors Criticize City and
County Hospital Ac
counts.
Unless Checked the Poultry Account
Threatens to Swell to Enor
mous Proportions.
Either the patients of the City and
County Hospital are being better fed than
usual or the internes, nurses and officials
generally are living at a much better table,
and which of these is correct is just what
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors is trying to ascertain at the
present time. No matter which way the
question is decided the committee intends
to curtail the poultry bill of the institu
tion.
Under previous administrations the
commissary department of the hospital
was permitted to run a bill of $25 per month
for fowls, that amount being deemed suffi
cient to purchase all that was necessary
for thepatients who required strengthen
ing broths and to furnish an occasional
change for the officials' table.
Recently, however, the poultry account
has Deen growing larger and larger until
it threatens to reach four times its former
size.
The fact that the hospital expenses were
increasing came under the notice of the
committee and the expert of the board was
sent to look over the accounts of the insti
tion and ascertain the reason.
His practiced eve struck one bill, that of
a fowl merchant, that looked very large,
and he called the attention of Chairman
Taylor to it.
From the showing of the account
chickens, turkeys and other fowls must
be plentiful in the larders of the hospital,
and the idea struck the committee that it
would take many patients in need of
broth and dainty wings of fowl to use up
so much meat.
"I think we had better send the superin
tendent of the hospital a quiet intimation
that turkeys and chickens in such profu
sion are a ittle out of season when funds
for absolute necessities are in demand in
many institutions," said Chairman Tay
lor. "I don't see where so many chickens
and turkeys go to, and we will have to re
quire the superintendent to keep within
the appropriation."
CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS.
A Grand Exposition 'May Be Held in
Mechanic*' Pavilion in the
Near Future.
There still seems to be some likelihood
that a grand exposition of California prod
ucts will be held in the near future. It
will be recollected that some time ago the
project was broached, but little besides
talk came of it. The consideration of ex
pense alone seemed rather disheartening.
The Mechanics' Institute refused to let the
Pavilion for the exposition, and a building
at adequate size would cost a sum the
mere mention of which flung a wet blanket
over the whole scheme.
Now, however, thou h no definite action
has been taken, it looks as though matters
might take a different turn. A conference
is to be held between the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association and the direc
tors of the Mechanics' Institute, during
which it is hoped that arrangements may
De^effected for the engagement of the Pa
vilion. In this event the association
promises to open a display which in com
pleteness and interest will be a revelation
in its way.
NEW TO-DAT.
"Pure and Sure."
Baking Powder.
"I have used Cleveland's Baking Powder with
entire satisfaction in the preparation of breads, biscuits
and Cakes." Juliet Corsox, Founder of New York Cooking School.
IT LOOKS LIKE BIGAMY
Benjamin C. Austin Jr. Charged
With Committing a Grave
Offense.
HE IS SHOWN UP IN A LETTER
The Chorister and Violinist Accused
of Trifling With Two Con
fiding Women.
One wife is said to be fully enough, and
sometimes too much, for a man to handle,
but when there are two of them the hus
band may as well resign himself to all the
horrors which so grave a violation of the
law involves.
Benjamin C. Austin Jr., who is well
known in town in the triple role of choris
ter, violinist and insurance clerk, is a very
dashing young gentleman, at present re
siding with his father, General Austin, at
1104 Pacific avenue, Oakland. In 1889 he
led to the altar Miss Fannie Oneida Druf
fel, and went with her to live in the Druf
fel residence on Hyde street. Austin was
then earning about $125 a month as clerk
in an insurance office, but soon after
started in business by himself, doing better
by the change. But uccording to his wife's
complaint, tiled in an action for divorce,
which she commenced on February 8 of
this year, he began by degrees to drink to
excess. Then, in 1893, he met a Mrs. Wil
cox, keeper of the Auzerais, or, as it was
afterward called,- the Annandale, a lodging
house on California street. The meeting
resulted in a protracted tcur wherein Mrs.
Austin did not figure, her spouse and Mrs.
Wilcox being the only voyageurs.
Something akin to repentence would
seem to have pricked young Austin's ten
der conscience some "time in 1895. He
made overtures to his wife and she was
seriously thinking of forgiving her truant
husband and resuming love's young dream
so rudely interrupted. A letter prevented
her softening a.t this stage. The letter was
as follows :
„ Pceblo, November 28, 1895.
Mrs. Austin— Dear Madam: I received a
letter from a friend of mine from San Fran
cisco a few days ago in answer to a letter I bad
written her some time in July, asking her to
go and see Ben's mother and find out where he
was. You, of course, know all, so it is no use
oi me going into detail any further. I was
never so surprised as when slie wrote she had
seen Ben's wife and that he had never been
divorced. It is hßrd to believe. When I first
became acquainted with him he told me he
had been married, but that he had to marry,
and that he took to drinking and travel to
compel you to get a divorce, and that you got
it on the srround of intemperance, and even
told me the court it was granted in and before
what Judge, and that I could so and nnd out.
It does not seem possible that he could tell
me such a lalsehood. I should have thought
if he was a married man he would have been
afraid to play his game in Hold, for we were
together 60 much, and in fact he spent most
all of his time* at my house. I wont to San
Francisco before we left Sacramento on our
trip. I called at his iatner's house about 5
p. M. to inquire for him.
He came to my friend's house about 7 p. M.
He wanted to know what kind of a looking
lady I saw. Oh, that was his sister Fannie, he
said. Well, there is no use of me writing you
any more on the subject. All I ask of you is
to please answer and let me know If you are
really B. C. Austin Jr.'s wife. B. C. Austin
and I were married in Carson City, Nevada,
the 21st day of June last, 8 o'clock in the
evening, by Judge Hawthorne. I have my
marriage certificate, also a letter from the
County Recorder saying it wnson record there.
Ben also registered at the Nevada State Prison
on the visitors' book as B. C. Austin and wife,
on the 22d June. He must have felt rather
shaky if he was already a married man when
he married me, knowing that he had laid him
self liable to be put behind the bars. I am
only waiting to hear from you before I do any
thing. I sent a letter to Ben, to 1235 Hyde.
Has he received it? Very respectfully,
Blanch Austin Je.
Pueblo, Colorado, 113 Second street.
P. B.— ls your name Oueida? I received a
letter from Van Tarsel, a friend of Ben, in
San Francisco, that Oneida usea to be an old
flame of Ben's that he lived with, but that
she was living with a sporting man now in
San Francisco. Strange that Van Tarsel never
told me that Be*n was a married man.
He was to my home with Ben often. I under
stand Ben denied marrying me. I can easily
prove our marriage. And that I was an ad
venturess and blackmailer, he would never
say that to my face. Of course, he had to say
something to you. And lam very little older
than he. I can always return wherever 1 have
lived and not have a bill presented. I do not
owe one cent in San Francisco— that is more
than Ben can say, and I def> tnat person liv
ing who can say I am either an adventuress or
blackmailer and prove it.
After receiving this letter Mrs. Austin
No. 1 sued for a divorce, which was grant
ed, the letter above copied being intro
duced in evidence. The cause alleged in
the complaint was failure to provide, the
petitioner stating that her husband's busi
ness went to pieces through his dissipated
habits and that when he left her his only
income was $5 a Sunday which he received
for singing in the choir of "St. Patrick's
Church. Thus far the allegation of big
amy contained in the Wilcox-Austin letter
has not been given any judical attention.
Mme. de Brinvilliers had large blue eyes,
the upper lid of which almost concealed
the pupils.
. ./ NEW TO-DAY.
W Electric Belts!
<<^^9^^ DON'T PAY FANCY
IHr PRICKS FOX ELKC-
I r^^* TKIC BELTS. WE
One of v HAVK. THE BEST^
Our Customers. AT CUT PKICES.
$1.50 to $10.00 FOR TRUSSES.
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
ALL GOODS AT CUT RATES.
Palne's Compound .........$ 60
Munyon's Remedie5..:.. ."::....»..... 15
Joy*, Hood's or Ayer's sarsaparilla .:..' ; 85
Sage's Catarrh Kemedy...... ..:. ....'.:. T4O
Pinkham's C0mp0und........'.'..;.'.:.. -. 75
Elastic Btockini?s:.t.t.Tr:r.—r:~.'v;'rr.'.Tr.v.;. 2.50
Syrup Figs and Pond's Kxtracs....'...:7r.7.';Trws3sj
Galvanic and Faradlc 8atterie5......"......... 4.00
.Suspensory Bandages, a large assortment. ... - 25
Swift's t?pe:1iic.v'....'..r..r...:v. :::..:....-:.. 75
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY.
FREE CONSULTATION.
is Our physician will * give free '. consultation and '
diagnosis daily from : 9 - to 12 a. m. and 7 to 10 p. m.
Patients - in : the " interior i treated i successfully by
writing for our Question Blanks. ■ ■:./■■ :-V.-: '■■•■.- . .
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 IkXar]s.et Street,
; South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.; ;.
open a.xju aJXG-SCT*.
( NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. 1
V THEATRE I pr«^s-
aiATUVTEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT, '
LAST 3 TIBIES
CAPT. IMPUDENCE
By Edwin Wilton Royle.
Management of Arthur C. Alston.
. -^— rr3\TEZSSIT ' W Fl --—^i ;
- The Ever Welcome Comedy Drams, .
Seats Now Selling.
Monday, April 6th,
PETER F, PAIXjEY
— — I.AST 3 TIMES!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT a
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
................ HOYT'S A
: FUN : _ ___ _._.
I BURN! j XVHITB
• "-; : 3ra^9LC3r
Next Momlay-MR. JAMES O'XEILL.
.rRICDLAnDtR.OOTTLOD*» c* u»r.JA.nonAnAfiU4--
TO- "1 FIRST
_ l DAY - -- J - MATINEE r _.
Perfect as to Stage Appointment.
Brilliantly Picturesque as to Scenery.
Orientally Rich as to Costuming,
And Reveling in All That Is;
Bright, "Witty and Attractive.
Coming, Prank Mayo in "Pcdd'xhkap Wilsox.'*
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Ebnicstinb: Kbki.inb, Proprietor & Manager
J9 -THIS EVENING &
-^- EVERY MOVE A PICTURE -^- "
-f=^ . IN THE ' T1
. V SCENIC PRODUCTION
T» of JE*
Tk Richard Stahl's . Romantic Comic j\_
■g- Opera, gj :
g "SAIDPASHAI"|g
Perfectly Cast, Mounted. Costumed and Staged.
MANY NOVEL FEATURES!
Look out for the BIG SHOW— .
*'33XjTT:E BX!ARZ3!"
' : An Old Friend in a New Dress.
. ,-; ; Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. -
MOROSCO'S .<
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
1 WALTER MOROSCO. Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
The Representative Irish Comedian,
: — — ( A Ki:>> 1.1. JOHNSON- -;-- —
In His Great Comedy Drama,
"TH E IRISH STATES MAN I" !
Special Engagement of
THE N£ PLUS ULTRA QUARTET!
New Songs! New Accessories! New Scenery I
Kvksiso I'Ricis-*— 2sc and 53*
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinee* Saturday and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Btreeu Between Stockton and Pi tsU.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday), MARCH 28.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part. •.
Unprecedented Hit of Our Sew Bill!
SEGOMMER,
BRUET AND RIVERE,
THE NAWNS,
GERTIE CARLISLE,
TH G. CORTY BROTHERS
And a Surpassing Specialty Company.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND). >:&SSHfc2J»S
To-night (Sat.)— Farewell Performance
- HOVT'S
. "A TEXAS STKER.V
Secnre Seats— —Prices. 25c to fl.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
4 Nights, Beginning Next Monday,
i "The Fair Mahatma."
ANNA EVA FAY "
Secure Seats— Prices, 26c. 35c, 50c— higher. ■ ,
FAREWELL^ TO-DAY.
LAST GRAND WAGSER CONCERT
—-—THIS . AFTEKNOON— —
THE ALJdTtORIUM.
IMC j3I.T3E3H.3XT .A.
oktdiiicek:,
HERB ANTON BCHOTI,
Isidore LUCKSTONE,
■ ARTHUR FIGKENSCHEB
PRICES— BO cents, $1 and $1 50. Seats on sals
- to-day at the Auditorium. ,
To-morrow Evg— THE GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AND TRIP THE TROLLEY!
Afternoon and Evening.
To-morrow (Sunday) Afternoon V
EMIL MARKEBERG
: (BY REQUEST)
Will Repeat His Most Thrilling Balloon Ascension
and Parachute > Drop, fHanglng by Head and
Heels to Rings, and Liberating Carrier Pigeons.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN—ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, 80.
SUTRO BATHS.
AT 2:30 AND 8:00 P. M. DAILY,
Grand Aquatic and Athletic Performance!
BOYS' SWIMMING RACE
At 3:00 and 8: 30 P. M.
Winners of Daily Trials to Compete
Saturday, March 28.
Gold and Silver Medal* for First and
Second Prize. ' ■ : : •* ' ;
RACING! RACING I RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
; WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, March 19th, '
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, •""
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine. »- v
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. • ,
■ • Races start at '2 (Mi P. v. sharp. ;-■
; ■ McAllister and Geary street cars pass the •• ate." ' i
B. B. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., :
.becretary. ." i* resident,
78
IS THIS A STRANGLER ?
The Boy Arrested for Assault
Upon a Woman of the
Tenderloin.
TERROR IN THE DISTRICT.
Laura Petit Tells of Her Experience
With a Man With Twitching
Fingers.
There is this to be said of the strangler—
that he has paralyzed with fear the entire
tenderloin.
There is a question in the mind of the
Police Department whether the more re
cent alarms are really the interrupted at
tempts of the man with the deadly grip;
whether they are the amateur efforts of an
understudy, or the results of the alarmed
imagination of the women themselves.
Compelled by the necessities of their traffic
to encourage the advances of every stran
ger they are constantly on the alert for
every move that might indicate personal
danger.
Three alarms have been sounded within
the past few days of attempted violence
upon as many different women by a man
following the methods of the strangler.
A man is in jail as a result of the latest
Robert Boyd, Arrested as a Snpposed
Strangler.
charge. He does not answer the descrip
tion of the man in any of the cases where
the woman has lived to give it.
It is only proper to say that the man in
the lockup does not look like a strangler;
that is, does not meet the accepted notions
of what a strangler should look like.
He is a young man, employed in the
California Wire orks on Bay street; has
been working there at night for some time.
He wears the clothes of aworkingman;
his hands are seared with nis labor. He
is in great distress because of his arrest,
and spends his hours in weeping.
His name is Robert M. Boyd. He is 24
year? of age. He is an Englishman from
Liverpool, entirely friendless, he says, and
is charged with assaulting a young woman
named Rose Martin on Pine street, near
her home, last night. The girl says he
attempted to strangle her.
While he does not look the conventional
Btrangler, neither does he tell an abso
lutely straight story; but he is eztremelv
nervous and distressed and can scarcely
talk at all for the tears that are constantly
ready to flow.
Rose Martin was taken before Captain
Lees yesterday morning and made this
statement of her encounter with Boyd:
"I was going up Kearny street toward
Pine at 2 o'clock this morning, when I
noticed a man following me. I >\ent up
Pine street and got to Pine and Dupont, j
and stood on the corner a minute or so, j
until the rain ceased, and 1 noticed the
man go up ahead of me. He made some
remark to me — 1 do not recall what it
■was — when I stopped in front of my
house, 603 Pine street. He then saidj |
Lanra Pettit, Who Had an Experience With a Man With Twitching Fingers.
'Come on up to Stockton street; nobody i
is going to hurt you.' I told him I was
not afraid of anybody and started to go
into the hallway of my house.
"The hallway is about ten feet long
from the first step. I stood in the door
way about three minutes talking to the
man.
'■'■■'■"I then turned my bach, and just as I
did so he ran and tried to grab me. He
would have grabbed me by the throat if I
had not shoved him away. I said. "Leave
bo of me.' He would not do it. "So when
t saw I could not get away from him I be
gan to holler for assistance, and a young
man named Jim Neil, a friend of mine,
ramp downstairs and asked me what was
the matter. Before Jim came down the
man turned his back and tried to run out,
and I grabbed him by the coat. He
Dragged .me out to the sidewalk and then
out to the street, and he then gay« my arm
a wrench and 1 had to let go. I , told Jim
that a fellow bad tried to choke me. He
siid, 'Where did he go'!' and I said, .'Don't
you see him running?' And Jim then
ran after him. The man who * stood
across the street — I do not' know
who he is or what his name is —
said. 'There's his hat.' I took the hat
and brought it up to my room and then
took it down to the -California-street sta
tion. I ; told a man who was standing on
the corner of California and Quiucv streets
that I had his hat, anyhow. Hs was
standing there talking to some girls about
me. The hat was found about in the
. middle of the block,, where the man lost
it -while 'running away. I met some ofii
rei •— I 'do not . know who he was— and he
I told me to go down to the California-street
Station; that they had arrested some man,
■ - ■ ■ . . . ■ ■ : : ■- ■-' ■■ «/■■ -;-- j
and they wanted me to go down and see
if I could identify him.
"I went down "and saw the man (Robert
Boyd), and identified him as the man who
had the trouble with me. He sat down on
a bench and started to cry and said that
he was hungry and had no room to sleep
in. I asked him what he tried to injure
me for, and he said he -was out of work
and that he had no room and nothing to
eat. He did not ask me for any money.
Boyd, in an interview yesterday after
noon, said he met the girl on California
stieet, near her home. He insisted that it
was California street. "We talked to
gether and went into the hallway. I put
mv arms around her neck, but 1 meant no
harm. Then she pushed me from her and
commenced to scream. I saw a fellow
coming down and I started to run. I
dropped ray hat and when 1 was trying to
recover it a policeman arrested me. That
is ail there is to it. I meant no harm and
I want to get out of here and go back to
work."
Questioned about his place of residence,
he said he had no home; he had been Jiv
ing with an Italian family on Stockton
street, between Lombard and Greenwich,
but had not been there for three days.
Asked where he had been living those
three days, he said, "Nowhere, just
around; I have no home."
In answer to further questioning he said
that he was born in Liverpool and his
parents still lived there; that he had come
to this country and this City a year and a
half ago and had no friends here and no
money. He was anxious that the Italian
family with whom he had lived, named —
as near as he could give it— Fopiana,
should not be disturbed about the matter.
The books at the wire works show that
±soyd has been working on the night shift
there for six months. Yesterday he was
discharged.
.Rosa Martin would not respond to a call
at her place of residence at 603 Pine street,
a cheap tenderloin rooming-house. A tall,
thin cadaverous man in slip-shod dress,
looked in the rooni and said she had noth
ing to add to her statement made to the
police.
"I wish you would say there is no lover
in this case," he said. "Be sure of that.
There is no lover here."
He repeated the girl's story, telling how
Boyd had thrown her down, and then
when he attempted to run she bad caught
his coattail and he had lost his hat on the
sidewalk. He was arrested several blocks
away, on Commercial street, and the girl
herself took the hat to the California-street
station, so that his arrest could hardly
have been due to his efforts to recover it.
Laura Pettit, Jiving at 212 Ellis street,
was alarmed on Thursday night by the
conduct of a man who called upon her.
He said he had been given her address by
a friend of hers, and was admitted, whea
he immediately began to demonstrate
what appeared to be a passion for stran
gling. He placed his hands on her neck,
his ringers twitching nervously all the
while. The woman protested against his
conduct and he left. She thinks that the
light shilling through the crevice of the
shding-doors from the adjoining room
saved her from an encounter with a real
strangler. She was very much frightened.
This woman lived in the adjoining
house to Mamie McDermott when she was
murdered on Morion street. She moved
from the neighborhood immediately after
the trageay.
She described the man with whom she
had an encounter Thursday night as
small, well dressed, with a slight mus
tache and large blue eyes, which were
slightly bloodshot.
Sbe too was anxious that no "lovers" be
mentioned" in connection with the affair.
Indeed she objected very strenuously to
any publicity in the matter.
Boyd will be tried on the simple charge
of assault.
JUMPED INTO THE BAY
Body of Edward A. Hatherton
Recovered From the
Deep.
He Disappeared From Home a Month
Ago With a Threat to Commit
Suicide.
The body of Edward A. Hatherton was
recovered from the bay at the foot of Lom
bard street yesterday morning. Hather
ton disappeared a month ago and it was
thought at the time that he had destroyed
himself. He had threatened to commit
suicide and the rinding of the body,
weighted down with stones, as it was,
showed that he had carried out l.is inten
tions.
Hatherton, who was a native of England
and GO .years of age, being a member of
the firm of Hatherton & Ross, architects,
916 Market street, »San Francisco, lived
with his wife at 1308 Leavenworth street.
He was at one time a draughtsman in
the employ of this City. In 18yo he vent
to Tacoma, and, establishing himself in
busiuess there, soon accumulated a good
deal of property. Fortune, however,
turned against him, and in 1893 he lost all
his wealth. Coming to this City, he again
engaged in his profession, forming a part
nership with T. P. Ross. The business of
the firm was not prosperous, and Hather
ton became despondent. He often threat
ened to commit suicide. On February 29
he wrote a letter to his partner notifying
him of his intention to end his life. On
the evening of that day he disappeared.
Two or three days later two of his cards
were found at the end of Powell street
wharf.
Mrs. Hatherton took charge of the re
mains of her husband yesterday. They
were removed from the Morgue to her
home, whence the funeral will take place
to-morrow. Coroner Hawkins will hold
an inquest next week.
Wants a New Name.
The Lick Old Ladies' Home has petitioned
the Superior Court for leave to change its
name to "The University Mound Old Ladies'
Home."
If you once use Mitchell's Magic Lotion you
will never be without it. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
MISSION MASS-MEETING
A Consolidation of Smaller Clubs
to Be Swallowed Up in
One Concern.
JUDGE VAN REYNEGOITS WORK
James D. Phelan on the Programme
for Honorary Chairman and
Principal Orator.
The Mission residents are fully deter
mined that their needs ?hall be known,
not only in the immediate vicinity in
which they exist, but all over the City.
With this object in view arrangements
are being undertaken to hold a mass-meet
ing on Saturday evening, April 4. It is
Ex-Judge Francis W. Van Reynegom, Chairman of the Committee That lias in
Charge the Mission Mass-Meeting.
[Drawn from, a photograph.]
propos ed to focus and concentrate the
opinions of the Mission people upon the
movement already begun to obtain from
the Supervisors and the School Directors
such measures as are in their provinces to
grant. The Mission taxpayers feel that j
they should be in .a measure recompensed
by the citizens in general for their co-op- i
eration heretofore in the many schemes of
improvements in other parts of the Ciiy.
The following invitation will be gener
ally circulated throughout «.he Mission
district during the coming week:
You are cordially invited to attend a masF
meeting of the citizens of the Eleventh Ward
to be held in Mission Turn Verm Hall, Eigh
teenth street, above Valencia, on Saturday
evening, April 4, 1896, at 8 o'clock, for the
purpose of securing ft High School and Park at
the Mission and for the further improvement
of that portion of San Francisco. If unable; to
attend the meeting please communicate tout
views upon the subjects indicated. Address
communications to the chairman of the com
mittee, at 26 Montgomery street. Very-respect
fully, F. W. Van Reynegom, Chairman,
George Walcom, Secretary,
A. B. Magcire,
Daniel Kelly,
John A. Le.vnan.
Committee of Arrangements.
In addition to this general invitation
Mayor Sutro, the Board of Supervisors
and the Board of School Directors will be
specially invited, together with such»other
public officials as have resident or prop
erty interests in that section of the City.
Judge Van Reynegom, the chairman of
the committee on arrangements, is busily
engaged in laying out a fine of action. In
speakiug on the question of the needs of
the Eleventh Ward, the Judge said:
"The Eleventh Ward, including all that"
portion of the City and County west of
Seventh and south of Thirteenth streets
ana Golden Gate Park, comprises nearly
two-thirds of the area of all San Francis.o.
It is largely a district of homes, and con
tains about 25 per cent of the voters of San
Francisco. It is sadly fettered and most
inadequately represented in the City gov
ernment by the provisions of the consoli
dation act, which only gives to it one
representative in the Board of Supervisors.
"The result is that the Eleventh Ward
practically gets nothing in the annual ap
propriations for public improvements. Its
position toward the rest of the City is
analagous to that of a conquered province
which has to pay heavy tribute for the
dubious privilege af being snubbed when
it asks for anything in return. A small
percentage of the taxes paid by the section
that would be benefited by making a park
of the old Jewish cemetery grounds would
not only pay for the land but would make i
it the handsomest park in the City outside
of Golden Gate fork. This is the only
nance the City will ever have to get suit
ble land for a park in the Mission."
a At the mass-meeting James D. Phelan
will be asked to act as the honorary chair
man and principal orator of the evening.
It is the intention of the several clubs
heretofore existing: in the southern por
tion, comprising the San Miguel Defense
Association, the Noe Valley Improvement
Club, the High School organization, the
Mission Defense Association and the
Park organization, to consolidate into one
general Southside improvement associa
tion.
The Folsom-street boulevard organiza
tion, of which body A. B. Maguire is th 9
president, having succeeded by dint of
nard work in obtaining their end, will dis
organize as a distinctive body and assimi
late with the genera} progressive organiza
tion.
Since the inception of the High School
movement it is amusing as well as in
structive to notice the exertions mani
fested by real estate speculators in picking
out suitable sites for the school and
buzzing the promoters of the scheme with
the advantages of each and every location
picked out.
Mr. Phelan, it is said, favor 3 locating the
High School as closely as possible to the
California School of Mechanical Arts, bet
ter known as the James Lick School, on
the block bounded by Sixteenth, Nebraska,
Utah and El Dorado streetsf his reason
being, among others, that the Mechanical
School has now an attendance of 350 pu
pils. With the High School close by, pu
pils could, if they so desired, avail them
selves of the benefits of both.
A CHARGE OF MURDER.
John Lynch Says Michael Costello
Caused the Death of His
Wife.
John Lynch, 38 Gilbert street, applied
yesterday to Thomas F. Graham, warrant
clerk of Police Court Department 2, for a
warrant allowing ihe arrest of his son-in
law, Michael Costello, on a charge of
murder.
The alleged crime was committed March
9, 1895, and Lynch's suspicions are based
on the fact that his wife was found in bed
dead with many peculiar marks on her
throat, indicating foul play. At the in
quest Costello said his wife had been ill
for some days, and that her death was
occasioned by heart disease.
Lynch, the father of the dead woman,
placed the matter in the hands of Attorney
Henry E. Highton, who, through the as
sistance of a private detective, secured cer
tain evidence. When Lynch asked for a
warrant yesterday he was not prepared to
swear positively to certain details, and so
the matter was allowed to rest for a time.
Attorney Highton and the complaining
witness Lynch stated that the complaint
might be sworn to to-day.
Another Railroad Victim.
Mrs. McEntee, an inmate of the Old Ladles'
Home, suffered a fractured hip yesterday as
the result of carelessness on the part of a
Third-street clectrlc-car imotorman. Mrs. Mc-
Entee desired to transfer to Market street, and
being less active than other passengers, had
only reached the bottom step when the car
started off. The sudden jerk caused the old
lady to lose her balance, throwing her against
the curbing, with the result stated.
THEY DOUBT ASHWORTH.
Folsom-Street Improvement Club j
Fearful of His Last
Move.
Believe They Detect a Desire to
Thwart the Completion of
Their Boulevard.
Street Superintendent Ashworth's an
nouncement to t lie Board of Supervisors
and the Merchants' Association that funds |
for street work are exhausted aud notify
ing the board that no more contracts
should be awarded for special work has
aroused the vigilance of the members of
the South End Improvement Club to such
an extent that they believe they detect a
premeditated design on the part of Mr.
Ash worth to thwart at the eleventh hour
the repairing and improving of Foisom
street, between Third and Sixth.
J. J. McEwen of the executive commit
tee of the Folsom-street Improvement
Club said yesterday: "Mr. Ashwcrth tried
to do this same thing when his deputy
appeared beioTe the Street Committee and
endeavored to prov" a lack of funds for re
pairing Foisom street, between Sixth an-!
Nineteenth, nut we furnished figures that
completely refuted his. These were ob
tained from his own office, and proved to
the satisfaction of the Street Committee
that there were funds sufficient to do this
much-needed work, and the committee,
in accordance with the facts furnished,
awarded the contract.
"We feel satisfied that an equally favor
able showing of funds could be made to
complete the work.
"We feel that he is putting men on the
street at day labor whose work is often un
necessary and siows no permanent im
provement. An example of extravagance
in this line is the sewer lately placed at
the corner of Sixteenth and Foisom streets.
When the sewer was put In the men were
directed to tamp down the old paving
blocks instead of leaving the street un
paved for the laying of bitumen."
I. Schwartz, also of the executive com
mittee, said: "We feel that Mr. Ashworth
has always been against us. We claim
that no permanent showing has been made
with the money expended for street re
pairs. It is the intention to cease all further
Btreet work, then the three blocks on Foi
som street, between Third and Sixth, must
remain as they are, although only about
$10,000 would be necessary for the work,
$3300 of whfch remains from the original
appropriation of $35,000. It is much to the
merchants' advantage to have this" work
completed. Then a well-paved thorough
fare, with the exception or one block, will
extend from the Mission down into the re-
I tail district in the heart of Keariiy street.
OUT OF BUSINESS.
The Los Angeles Branch of Thomas
Day & Co. Closes its
: Doors. '.
Frank J. Symmes, president of the
Thomas Day & Co. corporation of this
City, has gone to Los Angeles to wind up ;
the affairs of the company in the branch
house which it established there two years
ago.
The impression in local mercantile
circles is that the Los Angeles branch died
from excessive railroad freight rates
charged ■by the Southern Pacihc, just as
other houses in Southern California have
been ' crushed by the " excessive freight
tariffs. " ■ * : : .' '■"■■ ■ -. .• ' .- ■■ \ ■ :
It i* a well-understood fact among local
jobbers tuat the Eastern bouses sending
out * salesmen » have . all but captured the
market both in the north and in the south
because their drummers can undersell the
California mercantile tourists, owing to the
favorable discrimination made them by
the railroad, hence many of the San Fran
cisco houses nave taken their travelers off
the road, v ;v-v'. VV: =i- ':>">■- - ''.■••■•■;■'••- -i-j
"': In the present instance ; Thomas ; Day &
Co. have not only called in tbeir salesmen,
but V they f have likewise closed up their
branch house.' : , _ ;: :
~ -
The eyes of a cat do not shine in the
dark except by reflection from the light be
hind the observer.
THEATRICALS IN SOCIETY
Preparations Are Complete for
Mrs. Hager's Enter
tainment.
THE FAVBE-BABCOCK NUPTIALS
Married Quietly in the Beautiful
Church at San Mateo on
Saturday Last.
Preparations for the Hager private
theatricals are now completed and soci
ety anxiously waits to applaud the belles
and beaux who will don the sock and bus
kin for their entertainment. Rehearsals
are progressing steadily and the partici
pants will doubtless cover themselves with
glory. The play selected for the occasion
is a merry three-act comedy entitled "A
Modern Ananias." The comedy has never
been "done" here before, but has had sev
eral very successful fashionable amateur
productions in the East. The scene of the
play is laid at Newport and affords the op
portunities for handsome interior and ex
terior settings.
The play also affords excellent opportu
nities for elegant costuming, a fact the
ladies -will be sure to take advantage of.
The cast Las been selected with especial
reference to the amateur's talent. To
Miss Minnie Houghton has been intrusted
the joys and (comedy) sorrows of the de
licious heroine, Myss Nellie Goldengate.
Miss Houchton has developed surprising
talent and is sure to astonish as well as
surprise her warmest admirers.
Miss Rose Hooper, the charming debu
tante, will take off the soubrette's role,
Kitty, and Miss Goodall will play Pru
dence Mayflower; Frank Matthieu will be the
hero and Frank Owens is going to discount all
the famous female impersonators in his cre
ation of Baby.
The complete cast of the play is as follows:
Lysander Lyon M. D. (with a vivid imagina
tion), Frank Matthieu ; Colonel Lyon (with a for
giving disposition), Dr. Redding; Derby Dash
wood (with a Piccadilly accent), Edgar Peixotto ;
Francesca (with an elastic conscience), George
de Long; Baby (a little tootsie wootsie), Frank
Owens; Nellie Goldengate (with a fickle fancy),
Mi^s Minnie Houghton; Prudence Mayflower
(with New England notions), Miss Goodall;
Kitty (with so much a month and board), Miss
Rose Hooper.
The amateurs rehearse on Mondays, Wednes
days and Fridays at the residence of Mitt
Ho'ughton on California street. Leo Cooper is
coaching the performers, and has entire charge
of the stage management.
Invitations to the theatrical will be limited
to 200, and the guests will all be young people.
Light refreshments will be served, and if the
young folks wish to dance, there will be music
and the hall at their disposal. Mrs. Hager has
set the dtite for her delightful entertainment
for Monday evening, April 13, at the new Na
tive Sons' Hall.
Mrs. Favre and Harry Eabcock ■were quietly
married on Saturdaylast at the little church |
at San Mateo, Bishop Nichols officiating.
There were no invited guests at the wedding
no briaal attendants, no decorations. The many
friends of the happy couple were aware that
the nuptials were to be celebrated before the
expiration of the Lenten season, but -were
given no other clew as to the date of the happy '
event. Alter the ceremony the newly Redded :
pair went to Mrs. Babcock'3 pretty cottage at <
San Mateo, which has baen recently refitted
and refurnished. There they will pass their
honeymoon and later in the season go to Clear
Lake.
A Queer Story.
Some four years ago, in Teheran, an
English sailor was caught in the act of
carrying off some precious stones from the
Shah's palace. The thief was brought be
fore the "King of Kin^s," who swore that
the next time the sailor crossed his path
he would at once put him to death. It is
a curious fact that this very sailor was
crossing the street when the Shah was
driving in Berlin, now some years ago,
and was knocked down and instantane
ously killed.
NEW TO-DAT.
rnth
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Customer FREE '
With Our
MONEY-SAVING i
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
Our 50c Teas Cost 75c elsewhere
Our 40c Teas Cost 60c elsewhere
Our 35c Teas ...Cost 50c elsewhere
Our 30c Teas Cost 40c elsewhere
Our 25c Tea 5...... Cost 35c elsewhere .
Our 20c Teas ...........;... Cost 30c elsewhere
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American ImportiQE Tea Co.'s
1344 Market St.. S. P.
*^ 965 Market St., S. F.
f&tflZ&gtjt 140 Sixth St., S. P.
MH^K^ 17 Kearny St., 5. P.
Hs^^^ 1419 Polk st., S. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
lIAIIPU 333 Hayes St., 5. F.
MfINEY a - " 6 Ninth «*•• 5 - F >
"UV. 1 ■ 218 Third st., S. F.
«. n.Tiirt 2008 Fillmore St., S. P. ■
SAVING 2510 Mission St., 5. F.
| vnw HIM 3006 Sixteenth st., 5. P.
avaVipa ' 104 Second St., 5. F. .: v
STORES § 3259 Mission St., S. F.
I 9 I UJIUO ■ 52 Market 3t . s . F .
i — '- ■'- — ——"■•■ 917 Broadway, Oakland.
1 fefCJ^W-ST"^ 1053 Washington St., Oak'd.
&£!SS&§& 131 San Pabio aye., • akl'd. j
HgJ"™* s^ 616 E. Twelfth st., Oakland.
1355 Park st, A lame da.
TRY OUR
Money-Savins: Prices) * aV"-: i n
at OUR [ 1 0(1 A In
I Money- Saving Stores) ivy Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
HO SPECIAL DAY.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
BIG REDUCTION IN RATES BY RAIL
■ v ;'-.\ : .""': ....T0.... ':■?.. ' \. ■' .-.v. ■
FORTIjAIffD, OR,
SUN DAY. 1................... MARCH 29,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Peny" landing, foot
of Market st., at 8:00 P. it • ;"-;
Ar AA— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
3)0,11 U sleeper.
" ■- • ....ALSO.... "* . , ' .
First-class ticket^ including berth in ©in Oft I
Pullman Standard Sleeper, ; : ttpJLUU. ; I
SPECIAL NOTICE. v
. This train will not stop to deliver or take on p v .
f rncers at Intermediate stations,' nor will tickets iM
sold or baggage cheeked to sucn points. ? ' .
: A3- Through Tickets for , Puget Souni
points on Sale at Iteduced Kates.
I"or further Information apply nt : '
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hot* '
■ - - - ■■■■ - Ticket Office), San Kranclsoo. ■•■■t".
RICHARD GRAY t " X. H. OOODMAIf.
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Ag* ;
\ ; NEW TO-DAY— DRY J^°s^_^______^_____
mmmm mm
| THIS MORNING,
| Until 120' Clock Only,
§= We will hold another of our great special value sales
for the benefit of early buyers. The prices will hold good
£ only until the sound of the gong at TWELVE O'CLOCK.
£ Do not ask for these goods after that hour ; what little may
be left of them will be put back into stock at regular prices.
Wash Goods, 5c a Yd.
An assorted lot of Creponettea,
Challi Zephyrs, Cashmere Twills,
Silk Striped Challies, Dresden
Twills and Double Fold Lawns,
about 50 pieces all told. Former
prices were 20c, 15c and 12>£c a
yard. To be placed on sale at 5c
a yard.
Ladies' Cloaks,
95c and $1.50 Each.
Two lots of garments selected
from lines that were in stock at
?5, $7, $10 and $12 50 apiece. They
are similar styles to those on sale
last week, but better values. A
sale in basement salesroom.
Linen Towels,
12^c Each.
Pure Barnsley Linen, full 39
inches long, worth $2 to $2 50 a
dozen; but slightly. mussed from
being shown.
Ladies' Fancy Hose,
3 Pairs for 50c.
Combination boot styles, colored
tops, both plain and ribbed;
double soles and toes and high-
spliced heels. They are regular
35c values, but some are slightly
faded from being shown in the
windows.
Ladies' Merino Vests,
35c Each.
Hifrh neck, long sleeves, in a
grove of white merino that al-
ways sells at 50c. We have only
sizes 32, 38 and 40, so put them
into this sale at 35c apiece.
La Cigale Complexion
Soap, 15c a Box.
To increase the popularity of this
favorite soap by distributing it
among the vast number of people
who will snap it up at this sale,
we will allow* a limited quantity
of it to go at 15c a box of 3 cakes.
Not over 2 boxes to a purchaser.
Regular price 25c.
** rfttQPx*&shzViOJXJl^r
\t . RAILROAD TRAVEL; . ' .
SAS FRISCISCO & KORTHPA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot or Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. x. Thursdays— Extra trig
at 11:30 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59 i
and 11:30 P. v.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. wl; 1:8% 3:3* •
6:00, 6:20 P. M. • :"'' 2> '
San Rafael to San Francl»«o.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. XL]
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 r. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Leave in effort Arrive I
San Francisco. oct? 28. San Franclacq ,
Day*. I days. destination. says. I Days.
7:40 am 8:00 ah Norato, 10:40 am Bf3o am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pmi 6:15 pm
j Fulton, • • -•'»■
7:40 am I Windsor, 10:30 am
" '•. " Eealdsburg,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm ! 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
I" .■ ■ i Pieta, ' •v- .'
! Hopland &
8:00 am I Vkiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 PM
7:40 am - ... ■ 110:30 AM
8:00 am Guerne 1 7:30 pm
3:30 pm j j 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| and 6:05 FM 6:15 ru
: "^ j j Olen Ellen. . i' ■ .■•■ ;
7:40 am 1 8 :00 am . hMtnnnl 110:40 am 110:30 am
3:30 5:00 pm : ScDaat °P ol | 6:05 I'M 6:15 PM •
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas. . :
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. .
I Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
K»lsevville. Lalceport. " ■
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vicny Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green*
wood, Mpndocino City. Fort Brascg, Usal, Westnort,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Li vely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and EureKa. . .
i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points b*>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. & WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
- Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive fcx^Sro^E jXllp^ :
at Market-Street Ferry. a^^^S^rftVT^
SANTA FE EXPRESS
! To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
! Leaves every day at ■ 5 p. M., carrying Pullman
■ Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
! via Kansas City without change. • Annex cars for
1 Denver and St. Louis. v .
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
! under Harvey's management. Connecting trains-
j leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 i p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. ' : ' ■*- ■',■---' " ■*•> -,■ : .■ ■■
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street.
■'".-.'- .- ■,•; ' Chronicle Building.
50RTB PACIFIC COAST RaIIROAiT
■■■ ! ' : t->- •".'•,. •• (Via Sausalito Ferry). . .
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
i WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9 6, 11:00
A. M.; 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p. m. .
Ban Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m.: 1:46, 6:15 r. m.
Extra trips for San | Ratael on Mondays, Wedne»
flays and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. m.
~J_- '- ",V~L:<'2,~ ■' "''SUNDAYS.--- • i-s'. ■.- -.
»or Mill Valley, Ban Rafael and San Quentln-
-8:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.: 3:00, 4:30, •6-11
' ! T. M. »JL>oes not run to Sau Quentin. ■
<■-■ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. m. weekdays— and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays-Tomales and way stations.
; * : »0 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana waystatlona
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT
y Is wa nd Xotarv PubllCi 688 Marfcet ,(*"**
site Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell at, ff&
phone 679. Residence telephone, "Pine 25tV
Persian and Flowered
Silks, 35c a Yard.
About 15 pieces all told. Some
are light grounda with floral ef-
fects; others are all-over Oriental
designs that look exactly like the
high-priced, printed-warp Per-
sians that sell for $1 50 and up-
ward.
Ladies' Velvet Capes,
$5.00 Each.
Only about two dozen of them.
They are elaborately beaded in
rich designs, finished at neck
with ruche and chiffon bow; cut
full circular shape and falls in
plaits all around ; lined with silk.
Regular value $10.
Fancy Alpacas,
15c a Yard.
Two-toned, changeable, colored,
in fancy figured designs. Splen-
did value at 25c a yard.
Children's Hose,
5c a Pair.
Infants' and children's sizes, in
three-quarter and full lengths;
some fancy stripes, others com-
binations of openwork and plain
effects, and others plain, solid
colors. There are stockings in
the lot worth up to 25c a pair.
Ladies' French Corsets
75c a Pair.
All sizes in a world-renowned
French corset that we are closing
out ; grays and blacks ; several aif-
serent shapes and styles; worth
up to $1 50 a pair.
Ladies' Swiss Handker-
chiefs, 6 for 50c.
Sheer, tine apple cloth, with scal-
loped Irish point edges.
Children's Combination
Waists - - - - 25c Each
An underwaist with elastic hose
supporters combined. Regular
price 65c. Any size at this sale
for 25c.
■ ,", . RAILROAD : TRAVEL! ! W J -,
SOI'THKRN i-AI'IFJfC COMPAJII^
: (pacific system.) .
Trnln« leave anil are tine to unite Sit
; SAN FKABICI.SI'O.-
leave — Fr.OM MAitcn 28, 1896. — ARRIVE
~~7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ug<len and East.. Bt4sp
7:OOa Beaicia, Vacaville, Kurr.sey. Sacra- _ .
rnento, and Redding via Davis. ... ' 7:15p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, 2f apa, Calis-
toga and Santa llosa OHap
8::»0ANik'8, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTille. Ileil Uluff :
ami Sundays excepted Oroville.... » : li* p '
•B:3oa Peters and Wi1t0n....... "7:ISp
9sOOa Los Angeles Express. Freano, Santa .
3/!irbara and Los Angeles • «4Sp
9:OO a Martinez and Stockton *2 : A
9:00\ VaMej0......... 6 : !5 P
l:OOp RiteS) San Jose anil Hvcrmore 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento lliver Steamers.... ««:OOp •
• fl:3Op Port Ccsta and Way Stations t7:45p
4:OVp Martinez, San Kaiuon, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, El Verano and ,
Sautallosa... 8il&»
4:00p Benicia, . Esparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville - -■_ ..
' V Orovillo and Sacramento - JKH4SA
. 4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livermora and .'
Stockton ......:..?..■ 7:15P
' 4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for -,
Yosemite) and Fresno;.. UJ4.OA,
3:00p New Orleans Exprem.Fresno.Bakers-
tielil, Santa niubara.Los Angeles.
Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and " ' V
East 10:13 a
0:00p Santa Fo lioute, Atlantlo Express
- for Mojavo and East 10:13 a '
5:00p Va11ej0..... 11:43 a
0:OOi- European Mail, Ogilen and East.... 9:43 a .
6:O»i> Ilaywanls, Niks ami San J0ae...... 7:43 a
J7:OOr Va11ej0.........;... |7:45p
7:00r Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Heading, Portland, Tuget
Sound and East 10:43 a
*[10:03p "Sunset limited," Fresno, Los ~-z~~.
Ange'.es, El Paso, New Orleans '
andKat*.... tl»t4S>
SAM' A <iU'/ lU V IMPS (SarroiT tiangO).
;7:4sA.banta Cruz Excitreion, Santa Cruz
and Principe 1 Way Stations JB:o3r
9:13 a Newark, Centi'iville.Kan.lose.Felton,
Uoulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way .
Stations , 3»30p
*3il3p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New .:■ ...
Almaden, Felton, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way .
Stations ............lltaOA
4:13 1» Newark .San Jose and l.os <;atos.... 0:30 a
COAST VISION (Iliinl X Townscml Sts.) . _
6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:45*
8:13 a San .lose. Trcs Piuos, Santa Cruz, : -
Pacific Grove. Paso Rubles, San ' , ." '
Luis ObUpo, Giuidalnpe and Prin*
clpal Way Stations . 7:03r
1O:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations » 3:00p
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations.. ... . . 8:3 Or
•2:30r San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, E" ta i ::•
Cni«, Salinas, Monterey and Pacflio
Grove *10:40 a
•U:nop San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:47a
•4 : 30 San Jose and Way Stations *8:00 a
: 5:30p San Jose ami Way Stations *8:4»a
' 0:: tOp San Jose anil Stations 6:33 a
1 11:45 1- San .loso anil Way Stations .' t7:45p '
SAX LKAHIiKO AMI HAY Alt US LU«'AL.
t*«:O«Ai ( 7:1
8:00 a (0:4 5 A
iS!S2a Melrose, Seminary Park, i°jjg£
'"iSSp Fltchburg,SanLetiidro. **g*
; 3:00p an 4 4:43P
4:00p f " n * 5:43P
3:0v P HaTwarda. 6:13r
5«30p nsywtras. 4Sp
7:UOp . 8:45 P
9:00p *Ktoh through to Niles. 1 0 30
ttll:lsp J From NUes. y , [ ttialoQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiU FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:30 " »2:80 13:C0
. •4:00 tB:OO *6:00 p.m.
From OAKLAND— Foot ofßro»dw»j,— »6-00 8^)0
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *l:00 t2:CO ■ *3:00 14:S«
••-■■*B:oop.m. :,- : ,■ . ..,. . - ■ : , * _
.„ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. . f Saturdays only.
' ..J-Sundaysonly.  Tuesdays only. , :
■1 r H_Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. ■
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
■ OF THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
v. " PAT£ NTSI J
VS^2ZQ MARKET &T.S/SBS/AN ALAMEDA BOY
AS A DRAMATIST
Young Leland S. Ramsdell's
Comedy to Be Played
To-Day.
AN AUTHOR AT FIFTEEN
Schoolboys Will Produce the
Work at Armory Hall for
Charity.
FARMER PUMPKINHEAD'B WOES
The Ingenious Way That a Mortgage
Was Paid Is the Soul of
the Plot.
A playwright of the age of 15 years is
Leland Stanford Ramedell of 1100 Morton
street, Alanieda.
This afternoon, at 2 o'cloce, a comedy
that lie has written will be put on the
htage at Armory Hall, Alameda, for the
benefit af several poor families in the city
beyond the bay. The boy has produced
little plays before, and he and three of his
schoolmates have had a dramatic associa
tion of their own for two or three years,
but to-day's performance is by far their
most ambitious undertaking.
The boys associated in the work with
the young author are Herbert Clark, a
14-year-old boy of 1003 Morton street ;
Clarence Henry Oliver of 812 West street,
Oakland, who is 13 years of age, and
George Macauley, aged 14, of 1421 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda.
The play that these boys are to present
this afternoon is a comedy entitled:
"Fifteen Thousand Dollars, or a Lottery
Ticket." Young Ramsdell has, in thi3
production, told an entertaining story of
the trials and tribulations of good old
Farmer Pumpkinhead and his wife with
their ultimate triumph over misfortune,
and their unique reception, at last, in the
home of the Vanderbilts.
For a boy of just 15 years, the comedy is
regarded as highly meritorious, and the
rehearsals during the week have shown
that the four young actors can present it
to the public in a truly attractive manner.
There is first the home scene of the
Pumpkinheads. with Mr. Pumpkinhead so
abstracted on account of a threatened fore
closure that he asks such questions as why
h is wife is making bread.
Hardhearted Deacon Brown declines to
leud money, and while the farmer is away
trying to argue the case with him a lot
tery ticket rascal, Dick Smart, comes
along to the mortgaged homestead and
imposes on nonest Mrs. Pumpkinhead by
taking her last two brts. '
The farmer, returning m despair, de
tects the two chairs close together and
knows that his wife has been gossiping j
with somebody. He begins an investica- j
tion, but Mrs. Pumpkin head retains her !
presence of mind and convinces him that !
Bhe has used the two chairs to hold the
bread-pan, though she skilfully avoids
telling an untruth. Finally, in a tit of
patnetic desperation and possibly antici
pating a request for the two bits, she con
fesses that she has bought the lottery
ticket.
Consternation sweeps over the weather
beaten face of Mr. Pumpkinhead, but the
shrewd farmer finally comes out a winner
of $15,000 by mesmerizing the lottery man
and a rich bit of humor is produced by the
youthfuf playwright in making his agri
cultural hero ask of Mrs. Pumpkinhead:
"Can you keen a secret?"
With the $15,000 in his shoe Mr. Pump
kinhead takes his wife to New York. He
is encountered by a bunco-steerer who
tries to get at the $15,000 by appealing to
the old gentleman's fondness for tiirtation.
Pumpkinhead is saved from the bunco-
Eteorer by a policeman and from the
policeman by Mrs. Pumpkinhead.
The last scene is in the mansion of the
Vanderbilts once an asylum for the in
sane. Young Sam Vanderbilt does some
practical joking and is sent to bed by his
father and then a cordial welcome from
the head of the house is extended to the
■Pumpkinheads.
In the performance to-day Leland
Ramsdell will take tne part of Mr. Pump
kiihead. Mrs. Pumpkinhead will be rep
resented by Herbert Clark, Mr. Vanderbilt
and the bunco-steererjby Clarence Oliver,
and Dick Smart and Sam Vanderbilt by
George Macauley. Following is the full
text of the comedy:
BYKOPBIB.
Scene I— Farmer PumpWlnhead's home.
Scene 2— A street in New York. Fanner Pnmp
kinhead In trouble.
Scene 3— Mr. Vanderbilt's retldenc*
SCENE I.
Mrs. Pumpkinhead making bread.
Enter Mr. Pumpkinhead — What art you
doing?
Mrs. P.— Making bread.
Mr. P.— What are you making bread for?
Mrs. P.— lf you want anything to eat I must
make bread.
Mr. P.— The mortgage is due to-day and we
haven't got a cent to pay it with. "What shall \
we do?
Mrs. P.— Why don't you try ana find some
one who will lend you the money? Here's
Deacon Brown. He's got plenty of money; why
don't you ask him?
Mr. P.— Xo. Deacon Brown is too stingy; he
wouldn't lend you a cent.
Mrs. P.— Well, that's the last thing left to do,
and If you don't ask him I will.
(Rising and going toward the door.)
Mr. P.— No, don't you go. I will, and if he
doesn't let us have the money we must give up
the farm.
(Leaves the room.)
Mrs. Pumpkinhead returns her attention to
the bread. A knock at the door.
Enter Dick Smart— Well, madam, I came to
6ee if you would like gas put in the house.
Mr?. P.— No, thaak you; candles are good
enough for us.
Lick Smart— ls your husband at home?
Mrs. P.— No; he's gone to Deacon Brown's to
ask him to lend him some money, for the mort
page i 6 due to-day and we haven't one cent to
pay it with.
L>. B.— l will tell you how to make some
money. You buy a lottery ticket from me and
jou will have a chance to win $15,000.
Mrs. P.— l never heard of auy such thing.
What do they cost?
D. S.— Some cost $1 and others cost 25 cents.
Mrs. P.— Well, I have but 25 cents in the
whole world and I guess I will buy one this
time if you will give me my money back if I
don't win $15,000.
D. s.— l can't do that, but I am quite sure you
will win something.
Mrs. P.— Well, 1 will take it this time.
Just then Mr. P. is heard coming, and Mrs.
I', puts the lottery-dealer out.
(Enter Mr. P., and, seeing two chairs near
each other, says:)
•'Mrs. Pumpkinhead, what are these two
*bairs doing so near together?"
Mrs. P.— Why, l have been making bread.
Mr. P.— Why, of course. How could I have
thought anything else?
Mrs. P.— Well, did you succeed in getting
any money?
Mr. P.-No; Deacon Brown said he couldn't
lend us any.
Mrs. P.— Well, what else can we do?
Mr. P.— Nothing, nothing! We must give up
the farm.
Mrs. P.— Have you ever heard of a lottery
ticket ?
Mr. P.— A what? A lottery ticket? Why,
those are fearful things!
Mrs. P.— l htve bought one, and the drawing
takes place in three hours.
Mr. P.— l will tell you what I will do. Can
you keep a secret ?
Mrs. P.— l guess so. What's up now?
Mr. P.— l will mesmerize the lottery-ticket
dealer.
Mrs. P.— What? You wicked creature! What
would Deacon Young say if he knew that?
Mr. P.— l don't care what he would say. 1
will do it anyhow.
(Knock at the door. Enter Dick Smart. Mr.
■ Pumpkinhead begins to mesmerize him.)
Mr. P.— What did you come for?
D. S.— To tell you that you have won $15,000.
Mr. P.— Please give me the money.
D. S.— Not until you sign your name.
Mr. P.— But 1 can't write. I only can make
;ny mark.
D. s.— Well, do so, a"hd that will be sufficient.
(Hands Mr. P. the money.)
D. S.— Where do I come in? Don't I get any
thing?
Mr. and Mrs. P.— No. You can go.
(Kick him out.)
Mr. P.— Now, Mrs. Pumpkinhead, what will
we do with the remainder of the money after
we pny the mortgage?
Mrs. P.— Let us take a trip to New York.
Mr. P.— That's a go, Mrs. Pumpkinhead; go
and pack up and we will go at once, for we have
$15,000 and
Mrs. P.— A lottery ticket.
(Curtain.)
SCENE 11.
Fifth avenue, New York. Mr. and Mrs. Pump-
! kinhead looking at the buildings.
Mrs. P.— l feel very hungry after our long
: journey. I wish I could get something to eat.
Mr. P.— There is a restaurant right down the
street, and I think you can get a turkey dinner
for 10 cents.
Mrs. P.— Won't you come, too?
Mr. P.— No, I will be on this spot when you
return.
.Mrs. P.— Mind you do.
(Mrs. Pumpkinhead goes away).
Mr. P.— Now for a good time! lam all alone,
j and won't I have a jolly old time!
(Just tnen Mr. P. is stopped by the bunko
| steerer).
Bunko Steerer (snaking hands with Mr.
I Pumpkinhead)— How are you, old man? I
I haven't see you for an age— how are the folks
j at home? Glad to see you.
Mr. P. (pleased to meet an old friend)— l
have most forgotten you. How are you ?
B. S.— Got any money with you, old friend?
Mr. P.— Havel? You bet I have. I have got
! $15,000.
B. s.— Where do you keep it ?
Mr. P.— Nobody kuows. It's a secret. I keep
It in my shoe.
B. S.— Say, do you like girls ?
Mr. P.— Do I ? You bet I do.
B. S. — Come along with me, then, and I will
take yo to see some.
Mr. P. and Bunco-steerer start off, when a po
! lice officer sees the B. S. and he runs to catch
him, and the B. S. runs and leaves Mr. P.
Police officer to Mr. P. — What are you doing
; with that man?
Mr. P.— He's my friend, and I was going with
; him to see some gals.
P. O.— Do you know what he is?
Mr. P.-No.
P. o.— He is a bunco-steerer.
Mr. P.— And what's that?
P. O.— He would cheat you out of all your
money.
Mr. P.— Would he?
P. O.— That's what he would. Bay, have you
i got any money?
Mr. P.— Have I? I have $15,000, and I keep
it in my shoe.
P. O.— Say, old man, come down and dine
with me?
Mr. P.— All right; I don't care If I do.
Mr. P. and police officer start off with Mrs. P.
chasing them.
[Curtain].
BCKKK 3.
Mr.' Vanderbilt'a residence. Enter Mr. and
Mrs. Pumpkinhead. (Remark— The home of
the Vanderbllts was an insane asylum when
the Pumpkinheads were there forty years ago.)
Mrs. PumDkinhead, seeing a boy, thinics ne
is crazy, and he and Mrs. P. are almost frieht
ened to death.
Mr. P. to Mrs. P.— We must be nice to him or
he might hurt us.
Mr. P.— Say, Johnnie —
Boy— My name isn't Johnnie; It is Sam
Vanderbilt.
Mr. P.— How are you, Sammie? We are your
cousins from Squashville, and we thought we
would come and visit you.
Sam— l am very glad you have come. (Aside)
Only I am not.
Mr P.— Did you speak, Sammie ?
Sam— No.
Sam to himself— l guess I will put up a job
on these hayseeds.
Sammie to Mr. P.— l want to tell you that my
papa is a little crazy and you had better run
when he says, "Too late, too late."
Mrs. P.— We will. I guess Mr. P. and I will go
to our room now.
Mr. and Mrs. P. leave the room.
Enter Mr. VanderDilt— Who have you been
talking to, Sam?
Sam— To your cousins from Squashville.
And, Dapa. they are crazy.
Mr. V.— What ? Crazy people in my house?
Sam— Yes, and when they come in the room
you had better say, "Too late, too late," and
that will quiet them.
Mr. V.— All right, I will.
Enter Mr. and Mrs. P., and on seeing Mr. V.
are very much frightened.
Mr. V.— l am pleased to meet you.
Mr. and Mrs. P.— He's crazy.
Mr. V., thinking it time to say "Too late,"
does so, and there is a great row.
Just then Sammie enters and explains to his
father.
Mr. V. to Sam— You have been very naughty
to play such a trick on your cousins and father
and now I think you can go to bed.
Sam leaves the room and Mr. V. and his
cousins shake hands and all is over. (Curtain.)
In addition to the comedy, there will be
presented this afternoon the following
programme:
Piano solo, "Angels' Serenade," Miss Helen
Entzmann; vocal solo, "Dora Dean," Miss Mary
Linderman; recitation, selected, Miss Belle
McCurrie; vocal solo, selected, Master Clar
ence Oliver; club swinging, Miss Reta Mylotte;
song, "Ben Bolt," "Little Gladys" Lewis;
lantern chorus, "Louisina Lou," Mtss
Helen Entzmann, Miss Charlotte Clark,
Miss Ruth Sheldon, Miss Mary Linderman,
Master Leland Ramsdel', Master Herbert Clark,
Master Herbert Harbourn, Master Clarence
Oliver; vocal solo, "Little Doris," Miss Ruth
Sheldon; song and dance, "Coming Thro'
the Rye," Misses Eileen and Sylvia McCurrie;
"Three Old Jays," Herbert Clark, Leland
Ramsdell. Clarence Oliver; piano solo, "Polish
Dance," Miss Helen Entzmann.
The admission prices are from 10 to 25
cents, and it is expected that Armory Hall
will be thronged.
The Coptic From Japan.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic arrived from Hongkong via
"i okohama last night a day ahead of time. She
made the run from Yokohama in 13 days 52
minutes, which is the company's record. The
Pacific Mail Company's China has made the
run in much better time. The Coptic brought
the following cabin passengers: A. Abegg, Dr.
D. A. Conner, Dr. J. H. Gates, Mr. Kawasaki,
K. Mochizuki, J. Shannon, E. R. Vail, Mile.
Blinfaute, George B. Cooksey, Captain Hagino,
Mme. V. Languellier, Mr. Neeishi, L. G. Stev
enson, Mine. M. de Valpincon/Captain Oshima,
Mr. Terazaki, Albert Wagner, Lang Lung Fong
and servant, George J. Campbell, Mrs. George
S. Cooksey, Dr. Harai, Miss C. Collier, W. B.
Edminster, S. Kadji, G. Porter. Mr. Isudzuki,
D- 8. Watson, Marshal Marquis Yamagata.
Silkworm authorities estimate that the
larvae from one ounce of eggs will eat
1200 pounas of mulberry leaves and pro
duce 120 pounds of cocoons.
Oh, what a comfort Mitchell's Magic Lotion
is for bruises, piles, sore throat and
neuralgia *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
JAPAN'S FIRST SOLDIER.
Arrival of General Marquis Ya
magata on the Steam
ship Coptic.
ON HIS WAY TO RUSSIA.
The Japanese Emperor's Delegation
to the Coronation of the
New Czar.
Japan's greatest general— the hero of
Ping Yang— the father of the modern
Japanese system of war — arrived from his
native country on the Coptic last evening.
General Marquis Yamagata is on his
way to Moscow to attend the coronation of
the new Czar. He is accompanied by his
suite, and will meet in Moscow Prince
Fnshimi of the imperial family, with three
officers of high rank, who are also bound
for Moscow, but by way of the Indian
Ocean. The embassy will represent the
Emperor of Japan at the ceremonies.
The Marquis is a small man, slightly
gray, and with a gray mustache. His is a
true Japanese face, but his complexion is
not so dark as the average of his country
men, and his bu?hy, gray eyebrows re
lieve his eyes of their Oriental character.
He is pleasant and communicative to
those who can speak to him in
his own tongue, but he seems not yet
Lieutenant-Colonel W. E. Fisher Presents the Governor's Compliments to General Marquis Yamagata.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
to have acquired the knack of talking
through an interpreter, on the spur of the
moment. He is one of the foremost diplo
mats and statesmen in Japan, and his
mission to the court of Kussia is fraught
with much interest. There is not much
doubt but that the Korean problem will
be discussed with the Russian Ministers,
and the visit of ceremony may bring im
portant results.
The Coptic was spoken from Point Reyes
about half-past 5 o'clock last evening. She
arrived off the barge office at Meiggs
wharf a little before 8, and by that time
the quarantine tug with a welcoming
party on board was out in the stream to
mest her. Hon. Sabaro Koyaj Japanese
Consul to this City, who is a son-in-law of
the Marquis, and Tetsutaro Aabri, mana
ger of the Yokohama Bank, were present
to represent the Japanese consulate; Lieu
tenant-Colonel Will E. Fisher of the Gov
ernor's staff was there to present the com
pliments of the executive and to extend
courtesies, and William D. English and S.
J. Ruddell represented the Custom-house.
By the courtesy of Dr. Chalmers the party
was taken on board in his boat.
General Yamagata, dressed in gray and
with no outward mark of his high rank,
was at the supper table when the party
arrived. He arose from his seat and met
the members at the dcor of the saloon,
and then, after presentations, the general,
his suite and the delegation from above
adjourned to the library. Here Colonel
Fisher, who was in full uniform, pre
sented the compliments of the Governor
and tendered the general every courtesy
that the executive could extend. Through
his official secretary, K. Tsudzuki, he re
turned thanks to the Governor, anu asked
to have his compliments presented. Mr.
English then extended the courtesies of
the Custom-house and then the party from
shore talked to those of the general's
suite who could converse in Engliab.
The Coptic docked at once and the gen
eral and his attendants proceeded to the
Palace Hotel. He himself was not will
ing to submit to an interview, but Mr.
Tsudzuki met the newspaper men, and
talked freely of the ruovenients of the
party.
They will remain here but a few days,
perhaps three or four, and will then pro
ceed to New York. They may stop some
timo in Washington, but they will aim to
arrive at Moscow just before the cere
monies. These will occupy about three
weeks, and soon after they close the gen
eral expects to be on his way honle again.
He will probably return through this
country.
As to the further intentions of the dip
lomat in Russia, Mr. Tsiklzuki would
make no comment, nor would he say
aught of the attitude either of Russia or
Japan on the Korean question. As to
the war he says the country has almost
entirely recovered from it. The Japanese
think they have won all they fought for;
they wanted the independence of Korea
and Korea is free. As to what Japan con
siders her own standing among the war
rior nations of the earth the secretary
modestly declined to say.
General Yamagata is 56 years old, and
for nearly three-fourths of that time he
has been a soldier. For years, however,
his position has been one of high author
iiy in the Government of the country.
He was Prime Minister just after the
reformation, and subsequently was made
Minister of the Interior. While in that
position he visited the United States and
Europe, inspecting the military systems
of all the countries he visited. He took
back with him a thorough knowledge of
all that was good in what he ?aw, and at
once began to model the Japanese army
upon the lines of what had best stood the
test of experience in other countries.
At the beginning of the war he was the
ranking marshal, and his handling of the
troops showed him to be a strategist of a
high order. After the victory of Ping
Yang his army went into camp
on the Yalu River, and there he
was taken seriously ill. By order
of the Emperor Le returned to the
capital and he was made Minister of
War in recognition of the distinguished
services he had rendered in the field. He
resigned his position as Minister of War
some time ago, but when the Emperor
needed a statesman and a soldier to repre
sent him in the court of his neighbor, the
Russians, the general was given the honor,
and he is now on his way to fulfill his mis
sion.
The gentlemen with him are : K. Tsud
znki, Keeper of the Imperial Archives;
Major Oshima of the Japanese Artillery ;
H. Kawasaki, Secretary of the Foreign
Department, Surgeon Kirai and Messrs.
Terazaki and Kadji, subalterns. The
legation which will meet this party in
Moscow is composed of Prince Fuchimi,
Colonel Ikida and Lieutenant; Colonel
Tuizo.
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Affiliated Unions Decide to Stand by
It— Opposition to Convict-
Made Goods.
The Labor Council held a brief session
last night at 1159 Mission street, T. F.
Burns, vice-president, in the chair. Dele
gates from the Brewery Workmen, Ameri
can Bakers' Union No. 51 and from the
Coast Seamen's Union reported that the
associations which they represented would
stand by the Labor Council "through
thick and thin," to quote the language of
one of the delegates.
The executive committee had visited
seven unions affiliated in the council for
the purpose of receiving opinions on the
question of continuing or disbanding the
council. It reported that three weeks at
least would be needed to finish the work
and was instructed to appointed sub-com
mittees to continue visiting.
The executive committee was requested
to address the Coolcs' and Waiters' Union
next Tuefdav night on "Trade Unionism."
Thomas Hurd, George Swahel, J. Cra
ven and C. A. Landslrom were appointed
a committee to confer with the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association to
secure its support in a popular movement
against introduction of convict-made
goods. This action was taken on the mo
tion of Thomas Kurd of the Ironmoulders'
Union, who announced that a local hard
ware firm had bought molds and business
of an Eastern stove concern with the in
tention of making 400 stoves a month in
San Francisco. If convict stoves were ad
mitted, however, this new and very
promising enterprise would be destroyed*
A coaimittee from the recently organized
Garment-workers' Union requested that a
committee from the council would attend
their next session s>.nd give advice on the
management of a union. The garment
workers are novices in organizing, but are
anxious to do the right thing under proper
direction. The executive committee will
send a sub-committee to pave tne way for
the tailors.
HINTON IS CALLED AWAY
The General Agent of the Pan
ama Railroad Summoned
to the Isthmus.
His Departure Relieved to Mean the
Reorganization of the Trans*
continental Lines.
Commercial and shipping circles were
agoe yesterday over the report in circula
tion that E. H. Hinton, the general agent
of the Panama Railroad Company in this
City, had been called away from the City
by his superiors and that the office of ths
company was to be closed in consequence.
Many expressions of surprise and regret
were heard — surprise that such a course
should b« taken without some notice to
shippers, and regret that Mr. Hinton was
to go from among them, for that gentle
man by his uniform courtesy and his earn
est efforts to promote the welfare of his
company has won the regard and esteem
of evtry one who came in contact with
him.
Investigation of the rumor proved, how
ever, that while Mr. Hinton was to leave
for Panama this morning on the San Bias
the office of the Panama Railroad Com
pany would not be closed, but would be in
charge of the Johnson-Locke Mercantile
Company.
Mr. Hinton was summoned by wire yes
terday to go to Panama to there meet G.
Whaley, the vice-president and general
manager of t:.e company, for the purpose,
it i? believed, of looking into the Central
American traffic question. Mr. Hinton I
will be pone not less than sixty days.
It is conjectured in railroad circles that i
his departure may have some significance |
in connection with the Transcontinental
Traffic Association that is in process of
formation at New York, and gives reason
to believe that that body is certain to be
reorganized, if that object has not already
been accomplished. It is argued that if
the Panama road was likely to be a com
peting factor in the through freight traffic,
so energetic, shrewd and capable a man as
Mr. Hinton proved himself to be would
not be ordered to leave his important post
in this City.
Althouah westbound freight rates are
to remain the same via Panama until at
least the Ist of May, it is believed that the
eastbound schedule, which now quotes as
low as 30 cents per 100 on some commodi
ties, will be advanced after the departure
of tlie steamer, which will sail on the Bth
of April.
The valleys of Cashmere in Northern
India and of Quito in Ecuador possess
climates which are almost perfect, but
they suffer the disadvantages of great dis
tance from the sea.
LIKENS WOMEN TO CATS
Mrs. Nolte Says Thousands Have
No More Regard for
Results.
VOTING WITH BLIND EYES.
Ministers Who Unite Divorcees Should
Be Punished by Ten Years'
Imprisonment.
Woman suffrage was the subject of dis
cussion, although not of debate, at the
monthly meeting of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union of the Third Con
gregational Church yesterday.
The president, Mrs. C. B. Williams, had
assigned the topic for consideration, but
requested that there be no debate, and to
prevent such she asked that each lady
read an expression of her opinions,
whether written by herself or as she had
seen them reflected in print.
The arguments with which suffragists
convince and convert were repeated by
the lacfces with a good deal of enthusiasm,
and there was remarkable unanimity of
sentiment in favor of tne franchise for
women until Mrs. Isabel Nolte rose, and,
smilingly squaring herself to meet forensic
foes, said:
I think, firstand foremost, the W. C.T.U. have
in view the making strong their position in
every way.
It would be good sense to endeavor to enlist
! the pood will and co-operatloa of the men of
; our families and otherwise.
I am fully convinced that we endanger all
the good that might be done by lugging in at
all times suffrage for women. And >ou ask for
| too much. Suffragists are always asking some
i thing from the Legislatures which they don't
Bet. It would be wiser and more dignified if
they confined themselves to some necessary
law which wonld probably be given them, and
then endeavor to strengthen their position on
that line.
Of course the idea is if we could vote the sa
loons would be closed. Do you think that our
vote would close them when we have not beeu
able as yet to educate our sons to keep out of
them?
Suppose the right to vote were ours. There
are thousands of women belonging to the
foreign class who partake of beer and wines,
and yet do not make a practice of becoming
intoxicated. They would be a detriment to
the temperance cause, for they would consider
any prohibitory laws an infringement upon
their rights; and, as a matter of course, they
would vote their own way.
Bishop John H. Vincent, founder of Chau
tauqua, says the curse of America to-day is the
dominated partisan vote, the vote of ignor
ance and superstition. Shall we help matters
by doubling this dangerous mass?
Until we fully master our own dominion,
rule our children and our households wisely,
cope skillfully with the warring elements
there and make living a little easier, charity
more intelligent and education a shade more
practical, it seems as if we might well spare
ourselves other irksome duties and confine
our attention to obtaining more conspicuous
mastery of our own province. There is enough
to do in general charities and reformations
and in schemes for education to occupy those
whose energies demand a wide sphere.
Simple voting can be done without any great
expenditure of force; but to attain any real
power a woman must affiliate with men, at
tend meetings and caucuses — she must enter
into politics just as a man would.
To me it seems as though that would not be
pleasant to most women.
I have heard women say, with a great deal
of decision: "Oh, certainly, we should not
hold office. The men should do the work of
governing, but it would be our duty to see
thai good men were put in office. It's our
duty to vote, because that's the best way to
show what we think oueht to be done by the
men who govern."
This, from my point of view, is very unequal
suffrage. Half the controlling power to be
ours, and all the work and responsibility to be
theirs.
And how should we know when good men
were nominated except by a knowledge of
their phases of character, gained by hard work
before elections, going to primaries, pulling
wires, etc. ?
You cannot simply vote for the candidate
you consider the best man, without regard for
anything but his personal trustworthiness and
ability, I'ou have got to know something be
sides.
The best man, where a political office is in
question, is the ore who will have the most
power to legislate for us toward the best result,
and that makes it necessary for us to know
something of his ideas and habits, bis wisdom
and tact, and what influence he might have on
other politicians and with the people, as well
as with regard to his knowledge and con
scientiousness.
In fact, it means work that the generality of
women are not fit for and have not the time
for— if they are good wives and mothers. And
if they do not do this, and more, they simply
vote with blind eyes, for men whom they had
no share in selecting, or they duplicate the
vote of men they consider intelligent. I, for
one, would not wish to vote in this manner
just a mere echo.
I think if suffrage is ever given to us, you
will rind there will be more bitter animosities
among women, just as much deepicable wire
pulling and jealoules, as among men.
If the good women vote, the bad, depraved
women of the slums and the demi-monde will
also vote.
There are more of this class who will avail
themselves of suffrage than of the other, and
they will be under the control and in the pay
of vicious men, who will use their influence
for the worst, to be sure.
Then there are thousands of women who will
vote just because they can, without regard to
anything else— with no more regard to the re
sult of their vote, than a cat; and none of you
blessed women here need say:
"Aren't you ashamed of yourself, Mrs. Molte,
to run down your sisters?"
It's the truth. I don't mean to say there are
not women capable of voting intelligently
(notably the sisterhood here at present), but
they are few and far between, and I don't be
lieve but what the majority of the dear, good
woman are content to let the men take care of
the laws ot the land, while w« bring up our
children to respect them.
The paper was received with mingled
smiles and frowns, but as debate was not
permitted there was no reply.
A little ripple was caused by one lady's
statement in connection with her com
plaint of the injustice of existing laws, that
there should be a legislative enactment
making a minister who united a couple,
either of whom had been divorced, liable
to imprisonment for ten years.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
SELF-CONTROL.
To conquer one's self is the successful
achievement only of those who have been re
deemed by the precious blood of Christ and
who are his divine disciples.— Rev. E. Trum
bull, Presbyterian, Cincinnati, Ohio.
THE CHVRCH MILITANT.
We sometimes speak of the church triumph
ant and the church militant. This is not so.
The church militant is the church triumphant
and the church triumphant is the church mili
tant. — Rev. James V. Vernon, Christian
Church, Augusta. Ga.
FAITH-
Faith finds its most intelligent expression
not in words but in actions. There is always a
reciprocal protection between the believer and
his belief. A good man is himself everywhere.
A godly man takes God p.long.— Rev. J. I.
Scott, Presbyterian, Philadelphia, Pa.
LIFE.
I would Dainta bright picture of life from
birth to the grave. I have no sympathy with
that pessimism whicn makes youth a blunder,
manhood a struggle and old ace a regret.—
Rev. J. M. Cromer, Lutheran, Kansas City, Mo.
INDIFFERENCE.
If the American Republic falls it will be
through indifference— our accursed "good na
ture which binds us to our dangers." Indiffer
enco is the besetting menace to the perpetuity
of our form of government.— Rabbi Joseph
Stolz, Hebrew, Chicago, 111.
DESPONDENCY.
Almost all men of great and stirring deeds
have had their seasons of discouragement and
doubt. All life is a struggle, and doubts and
difficulties seem to be the necessary concomi
tants of life and progress.— Rev. J. \V. Lyell,
Baptist, Camden, N. J.
HEATHENS.
In this world there are 1,000,000,000 of peo
ple :of these 800,000,000 are heathens. In the
remaining there are many Christians, but
there are many who, though they are not
heathen, are far from good Christians.— Bishop
Coleman, Episcopalian, at Westchester, Pa.
THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.
The Catholic church is now and ever has
been the altar of every sacrifice, the home of
every charity, the asylum for every misery,
and they who reject and hate her reject and
hate her divine founder, Jesus Christ.— Rev.
Father Dwyer, Catholic, Cleveland, Ohio.
LOYALTY.
Above all party is country, and above coun
try is humanity. It is in politics as in ecclesi
astic*. Denominational fealty is a good thing ;
but it is by no means the first thing. That
man serves his denomination most truly who
serves Christ most loyalty .—Rev. R. Thomas,
Congregationalist, Brookline, Mass.
DECAY IN CIVILIZATION.
Ours is a civilization that is beginning to
decay. We do not practice the religion of
natural law. The wealthy from their idleness
and indulgence of self, are beginning to de
cay—to lose that stamina and sturdy manhood
and womanhood of our sires.— Mrs. Althea B.
Stryker, Independent. Tupeka, Kans.
LOVE.
There is one virtue that is superior to all
others, and that is love. You may possess
every grace and every virtue, but if you lack
this one your life is worthless. If love is not
paramount in our lives, all our benevolence
and self-sacrifice protit us nothing.— Rev. G. \V.
Partridge, Baptist, Cincinnati, Ohio.
CtBA.
It is not so much a question as to who shall
govern Cuba, so long as the Government is a
good one, but as to whether there shall exist a
tyranny in Cuba. When Spain rises in anger
at our protest she should remember that her
own honor should protest against her own
tyranny and broken promises.— Rev. T. E.
Schumacher, Baptist, Pittsburg, Pa.
AMVSEMENTS.
Avoid amusements that the church in gen
eral condemns, is it not better to be in har
mony with the main body of good Christians
than with the few exceptions? I think a man
may dance, play cards and attend the theater
and still be a Christian, but his influence will
be weakened and his soul fettered.— Rev. Dr.
Humason, Methodist, Duluth.Minn.
WOMEN IN POLITICS.
Victoria doesn't rule England. It is the
freest land on the face of the carth — that is,
for Englishmen. And why is this so?
Simply because the dear, good old lady
doesn't interfere in politics. And let me say
that it might be better for this country if the
ladies did not interfere in politics.— Rev. 11.
11. Con well, Congregationalist, Philadelphia,
Pa.
DOCTOR ALBRIGHT.
A BROAD-MINDED PHYSICIAN
WITH PROGRESSIVE IDEAS.
Believes in Recommending Any Medi
cine That He Knows Will Cure His
Patient* — Thinks Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills a Great Dlncovery—
He Cites Some Marvelous
Cures.
From the Examiner, Lancaster, Pa.
"Akron, Pa., April 24, '95.
Dr. Williams' Medicine Co. :
Gentlemen— While it is entirely contrary to
the custom of the medical profession to indorse
or recommend any of the so-called proprietary
preparations, I shall, nevertheless, give you an
account ot some of my wonderful experiences
with your preparation, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People The fact is well known that
medical practitioners do not, as a rule, recog
nize, much less use, preparations of this kind,
consequently the body of them have no defi
nite knowledge of their virtue or lack of it, but
soundly condemn them all without a trial.
Such a "course is manifestly absurd and unjust,
and I for one propose to give my patients the
best treatment known to me lor the particular
disease with which they are suffering, no mat
ter what it is, where or how obtained. I was
first brought to prescribe Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills about two yearß ago, after having seen
some remarkable results from their use. Reuben
Hoover, now of Reading, Pa., was a prominent
contractor and builder. While superintending
the work of erecting a large building during
co!d weather, he contracted what was thought
to be sciatica. He having first noticed it one
morning in not being able to crise from his
bed. After the usual treatment for this dis
ease he failed to improve, but on the contrary
grew rapidly worse, the case developing into
Hemiphlegia, or partial paralysis of the entire
right side of the body. Electricity, tonics and
massage, etc., were all given a trial, but noth
ing gave any benefit, and the paralysis contin
ued. In despair he was compelled to hear his
physician announce that his case was hopeless.
About that time his wife noticed one of your
advertisements and concluded to try your
Pink Pills.
"He had given up hope and it required a
great deal of begging on the part of his wife to
persuade him to take them regularly.
"He, however, did as she desired, and if ap
pearances indicate health in this man, one
would think he was better than before his par
alysis.
" 'Why, 1 says he, 'I began to improve in two
days, and in four or five weeks I was entirely
well and at work.'
"Having seen these results I concluded that
such a remedy is surely worth a trial at the
hands of any physician, and consequently
when a short time later I was called upon to
treat a lady suffering with palpitation of the
heart and great nervous prostration, alter the
usual remedies failed to relieve, I ordered Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills. The result was simply
astonishing:. Her attacks became less frequent
and also less in severity, until by their use for
a period of only two months she was the pic
ture of health, rosy-cheeked and bright-eyed,
as woll as ever, and she has continued so until
to-day, more than one year since she took any
medicine. I have found these pills* specific
for chorea, or, as more commonly known, St.
Vltus' dance, as beneficial results have in all
cases marked their use. As a spring tonic any
one who, from overwork or nervous strain dur
ing a Jong winter, has become pale and lan
guid, the Pink Pills will do wonders in bright
ening the couutenance and in buoying the
spirits, bringing roses to the pallid lips and re
newing the fountain of youth. Yours respect
fully, "J. D. ALBRIGHT, M.D."
SEIZED HER HORSES.
A Pitiful Tale That Brought Belief
From the Board of Supervisors.
Mrs. Amelia Sternseher told the Health
and Police Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors a pathetic tale yesterday that in
duced that body to release from the cus
tody of the Poundkeeper her three horses.
She stated that the animals were the sole
support of herself and iamily, and that a
few days ago they were ueized while graz
ing in a vacant lot in charge of her young
brother.
Her household furniture and even the
horses were mortgaged, and now that she
could not obtain any income from them
her lamily was threatened with absolute
destitution. The committee ordered the
horses released at once and without
charge.
NEW TO-DAY.'
. Soxodont .
I C^ Pure and FKA6HANT.
\ for the teeth
I and breath*
} An absolutely safe
! dentifrice,
! popular with refined j
people for over \
fifty years* j-
i" ALL DRUGGISTS. I
| 'A 'small, sample bottle free, if yon v ; *.'?i V
! mention this publication. Address the !
Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall A Racket, ,' ;
I Wholesale Druggists, New York City. ■-;■:••■, '< ;j
I . • - ..-: ' i
gill) ... ■ MIIMMIt
: ■'■"' - /
TUESDAY MARCH SI, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noosr, t
I
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
Business and Residence Property.
A Portion of the Original
HORACE HAWES ESTATE.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Ninth and Howard Streets.
Large and elegant piece of business property on
the southerly corner of Ninth and Howard sts.,
comprising FIVE STOKES and FIVE FRENCH
FLATS on Ninth st. and SIX RESIDENCES on
Howard st. This magnificent piece of business
property has a future outlook that cannot be ex-
celled in the city. Ninth st- Is the coming- promi-
nent south of Market, st. business street. The size
of this large and valuable lot. 100 feet on Ninth by j
185 feet on Howard st., cornering on Caroline st",
Is one of the largest pieces of property now Intact
in this city, and a prominent corner to improve
with tint- stores, grand. hall, theater and French
tenements— lmproved in this manner would make
It the best paying property in the city. Capitalists
and speculators should examine this Full rents,
* 1123 per month. Cable and electric lines surround
the property. ' Streets In basalt rock and accepted
by the city. Corner lot, 100x185 feet.
ALSO— Belonging to the same estate, southeast
line of Howard, 225 feet southwest or Ninth street,
and southerly corner of Howard and Caroline
streets. This valuable corner contains four French
flats. Full rente, $88 per month. This is a good
property to Improve with store below, which would
rent readily. Howard-street electric. Ninth and
Tenth street cable. Central location. Large lot,
41:4x100 feet. Terms, on both pieces, one-half
cash, balance in one and two years; interest 7 per
cent per annum.
REFEREE'S SALE.
THE MAGNIFICENT
Southeast Corner of O'Farrell and
Cough Streets,
And lot 60x137 :6 feet, with an Lon southeast cor-
ner 30x34 feet. The subdivisions of this man-
sion comprise saloon parlors, reception and dining
rooms and large hall, which open together, making
one grand room of the entire floor; kitchen, but-
ler's and other pantries, servants' rooms, etc., on
first floor annex: five large bedrooms, dressing-
room r, bathrooms, toilets, etc., on second floor;
space for three large rooms in attic; storerooms,
coalroom, wineroom and laundry in basement;
basement c-mented: large, handsome grounds:
streets bltumltilzed and basalt rock: front walk
cement stone; surroundings cannot be excelled;
neighbors are of the first-class order: car accom-
modations not excelled. Terms— Cash; .10 per
cent at time of sale, balance upon confirmation by
Superior Court; deed at expense of purchaser;
tax for fiscal year 1896-97 to be paid by pur-
chaser. N. B. — examine this property please
obtain card from the auctioneers.
Elegant Investment— Mission.
Southeast corner of Capp and -Ad air sts., near
Sixteenth, Howard and Mission. This handsome*
Day- windowed modern property consists of store
and three French flats of seven, six and lour rooms
and bath; electric appliances, etc; rent $91 per
month: basalt blocks In street; cement stone'
walks; electric and cable cars; corner lot, 25x75
feet.
Elegant Residence— Pacific Heights.
; South side (No. 20*29) of Vallejo, 137 feet east
of Buchanan st.; eight rooms and bath; basement
and attic: electric appliances; gas fixtures; grand
marine view: Pacilic-ave. cable; large lot, 27 :6 x
137 :» feet.
Pacific Heights— lnvestment Property.
North line (N os. 3116 and 3118) of Washington,
106:3 west of Baker St.; comprises (No. 3116) two .
handsome French s flats, the upper one of eight
rooms, bath and attic, lower flat four rooms and
bath: (No. 3118) an elegant dwelling of ten rooms
and bath; tinted walls and modern improvements
throughout the. property; architecture artistically
designed; cement stone walk; street in bituminous
rock: Sacramento aad. Jackson st. cables; lot oOx
127:8% feet.
Castro Heights— Corner Business Lot.
Southwest corner of Castro and Twenty-fifth its. -
Commands a fine view and : is advantageously lo-
cated for business; Castro-st. cable; lot 25x80 feet.
Grand Property in the City of Petaluma,
the Metropolis of Sonoma County.
Southeast corner of Washington ana Keller sts. \
Comprises the Brooklyn Hotel of 41 rooms; three
cottages of seven rooms each and basement: large
stable, carriage and other buildings: 1* in the cen-
tral part of this thriving city and is sold to close ; it •'
can be made a large-paying Investment; look at
the size of this corner; lot 100x179 feet to an alley.
For catalogue, terms, etc., inquire of
£ASTON, ILDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st. Auctioneers.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The uncertainty of the weather during
the past week has caused the wheel
rcen to alter their plans icgarding pro
posed road races in the country. As soon
as the roads are in condition to wheel
over several club runs will be held to
points of interest in the interior.
The anglers are in hopes that the trout
streams will be in good condition on
Wednesday next, when the season will
open.
Sportsmen who fancy live bird and
bluerock shooting will be present to
morrow to witness the race at the -Oakland
track between the Olympic, Lincoln and
Empire Gun clubs.
A wrestling tournament will be held at
the Olympic Club Monday exening. The
athletes of the University of Berkeley will
send a strong team Last this year to com
pete in the intercollegiate championships.
Coursing, rowing, handball, boxing,
rifle-shooting and other pastimes are en
joying first-class patronage.
THE WHEELMEN.
All the Fast Club Riders Preparing I
for the Annual Relay Race.
The annual relay rare around the bay is j
the one event to which the wheelmen are j
now giving all their attention. The date j
lias been set for Bnnday, April 12, and all
the intervening Sundays and week days j
will be devoted to training and other pre- j
parations. There will be a number of ton
mile road races held to-morrow over the San
Leandro course, which will in reality be
try-out? to aid in the selection of men for
the variousteams. The Bay City, Olympic,
California. San Fram-isco and Acme clubs
will hold these practice rides. The Reli
ance men will ride ten miles on the
Oakland Trotting Park track, and down at
San .lose the Road Ciub and Garden City
Cyclers will use the East San Jose course.
Chairman Stratton of the road racing
committee of the associated clubs intended
to ride over the last fhty miles of the relay
course Thursday, to measure and lay it put
accurately, but the rain prevented the trip.
He wiil go to-morrow, accompanied by the
other two gentlemen on the committee, H.
F. Wynne and A. P. Swain.
In spite of the many vague reports and
rumors fivine around there is really very
little news regarding the relay race. This
event is looked upon by the club wheel
men as the greatest race" of the year, and
their best efforts are put forth into it. It
is easy enough to take some prominent
club, like the Olympic, for instance, and
pick seven or eight of its best men and say
they will surely be on its relay team this
year. That would be true, but until the
team of ten men is thoroughly completed
its strength could not be estimated, cer
tainly not by eight men. It has been said
that a team of ten average riders could
beat 8 team of eight crackajacks and two
poor men. and it is probably so. When
each club is ready to name its full comple
ment of ten men Then the respective mer
its of the various leanis and their chances
of winning can t>e> co a certain extent esti
mated, but not bsfiore.
The opinion was general a week ago that
the Bay City Wheelmen would not consent
to a postponement of the date of t lie race
one week, but it appears now that that is
just what that club wanted. Though pos
sessing an immense number of racing men
none of them are in their best condition.
and the club has not even held a try-out as
yet to decide who are entitled to positions
on its team. It loses one powerful rid^r,
W. A. Terrill, who is now a professional.
The relay rules admit of only amateurs
competing in the race, and last year Ter
rill as a class B man rode his ten miles in
splendid style. However, the club now
has K. L. Lonj, who rode for the Olympic
Club Wheelmen a year ago, and if he can
be got into condition in time will be one of
its best men. Then there are Ulbricht,
kacey. Hatton and McCrea in Southern
California, all members of this club, who
could be called upon if needed, all four of
whom are phenomenally fast riders.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen's team
this year will undoubtedly be stronger
than it was in 1895, while the impression is
that the Garden City Cyclers of San Jose
will be weaker. The Acmes will be about
the same as last year, except that they
will not have Castleman and Burke of
Los Angeles. It is between these four
clubs that the race is supposed 1o lie,
though unforeseen incidents may change
the programme. It will at any rate be a
hard-fought contest, and the San Fran
cisco and San Jose Road clubs, Alameda,
Imperial, Reliance and California clubs all
have good men and are liable to change
places with some of the admitted leaders.
A map will be issued early next week by
the road racing committee which has
charge of the race, showing the new routes
through San Jose and into Alameda.
Printed rules governing the race will also
be sent out to the various clubs intending
to enter teams.
The Garden City Cyclers of San Jose
have appiied for a sanction for a race meet
to be held on their three-lap cement track
on Saturday, M*y H, the last day of the
San Jose rose carnival.
The Olympic Cyclers have announced
that they will give a minstrel show at
Native Sons' Hall on the evening of May
14, the proceeds to be used in fitting up
their rooms and expended on picnic runs
for the members.
C. N. Ravlin and L. C. Hunter, R. A.
Smyth and F. W . Fuller will nave a tan
dem race from Fruitvale to San Jose next
Saturday, starting at 2 o'clock.
R. M." Welch, member of the National
Racing Board in this district, has issued
his bulletin No. 5, dated yesterday, which
is full of items of interest to the racing men.
It is as follows:
BT/LLETIN NO. 5, MARCH 27, 189(5. ■
Sanctions granted: May 9, harden City
Cyclers, .^an Jose, Cal. ; May 30, Multnomah |
Bicycle (,'Mib, Portland, Or.
Pacific Coast records approved: One mile,
flyinp, paced, amateur— C. S. Wells, Coronado,
Cal.. February 15, ISiMJ, 1:41 4-5.
One miie, «tau<ling, paced, amateur— H. E.
SlcCrea, Corouado, Cal., February 15, 1890,
1 :49 2-5.
One mile, flying, paced, professional— W. W.
Hamilton, Corouado, CaL, March 2, 1890,
1 :39 1-5.
Transferred to professional class: Godfrey
Schmidt. Los Angeles, Cal.; Oscar Lane and j
W. H. Palmer, Sah Diego, CaL, under clause E. I
The undersigned has been placed by the !
National Racine Board iv direct control of
North and South California, Nevada, Arizona,
New Mexico, Utah, Montana, Idaho, Oregon
and Washington. Wherever practicable a local
representative will be appointed in each divi
sion to whom applications for sanctions may
be made, and who will otherwise give atten
tion to the local racing interests. Divisions
have been assigned to the charge of local r.p- |
resentatives as follows: Soutn 'California, H.
C. F. Smith, 124 Eost Second street, Los An
geles; Arizona and New Mexico, W. L. Pin
ney, Phoenix, Ariz.; Washington. E. G. Dorr,
postoffice box 143,5, Tacoma. Other appoint
ments will be announced as made.
The attention of racing men is directed to
the bulletin issued by Chairman Gideon under
dale of the 19th inst., and especially to the
warning that men competing as amateurs
under false pretenses will, when detected, be
punished not alone by transfer to tJie profes- j
fiional clacs but by suspension from the track. I
There is no intention oi using the professional
class as r. penal colony for unworthy men.
Under the direction and control of the league
it is intended that the racing man who
desires to derive an income from his
eflorts on the track shnl! deserve the
confidence of the public and be protected
in his relations with his fellow - riders
and race-meet promoters, t'nworthy men in
either class will be punished by exclusion
from the track for a period commeilsurate with
the offense committed.
Race-meet promoters are reminded that the
prizes in e»ch event must be specified on the
programme. Amateurs must accent the prizes
so specified and nothing else. The exchanging
and bartering of prizes or the accepting of
orders for merchandise in lieu of the prizes so
specified constitute acts that will forfeit a
rider's amateur status. K. M. Welch,
Member -National Racing Board.
Mr. Welch, who also holds the position
of chairman of the racing board of the
North California Division, League of
American Wheelmen, has issued a division
bulletin, reading:
Sanford Plummer, San Francisco, and John
Kitchen Jr., Oakland, have been appointed
official referees of the North California Divi
sion.
division championships for 1896 have been
established at the following distances:
Quarter mile, half mile, one mile, two miles
and five miles, open only to amateurs.
Prizes are meuais oi a design prescribed by
the division board, costing !jvss, for a set of
three, one each of gold, silver and bronze.
The championships will be located for com
petition on application- K. M. Welch,
Chairman North California Division .Racing
Board.
Since the New York World saw fit to
employ Arthur A. Zimmerman, the
world s champion to edit its cycling col
umns the New York Morning Journal has
engaged the services ol Eddie C. Bald, last
year's champion class B rider. Wheu the
racing days are over there is still a field,
for the bicycle champion.
The Alameda Cyclers will'have a try-out
at - c ;tn Leandro to-morrow to aid Captain
Dodd in selecting his relay team. A lan
tern parade on a large scale through the
streets of Alameda is being arranged for
the near future.
Inferior tubing in a bicycle is the worst
of ooustrdbtive faults. No matter how tine
the enamel which may cover it and the
superior luster it possesses, the inherent,
weakness of the frame presents an element
of danger, atul the manufacturer who uses
tubing of this character is criminally neg
ligent. The worst phase of it all is the
policy of deception which floods the mar
ket with bicycles of inferior character
under the guise of "high-grade wheels."
This season, owing to the difficulty of
securing high-grade tuDing, buyers of
wheels cannot exercise too much care. It
is not safe under existing conditions to
choose hastily from the large number of
new makes daily making their appearance
on the market because the}' look nice on
the surface.
Bloomers are rapidly passing into a de
cadence, from all we can judge by a pe
rusal of the Eastern cycling press reports.
Last year there were bright prospects for
this style of garment, and the costume
was accepted with general favor. But
when a certain class of women adopted the
apparel and misused it, the strong-minded
women all over the land discarded it at
once. Now a compromise has been made
on the bloomers ana short skirt. This
costume will be very generally adopted
the coming season. It is neat and emi
nently respectable. It has been asked
whether this suit will be practicable on a
diamond-framed wheel or tandem. As
bloomers will be worn the same as hereto
fore, and the skirt over them will be short
and of very light material, it will be quite
feasible to wear the co&tunie on a man's
wheel. Ladies who have ridden men s
wheels would not care to go back to the
drop-framed style of ticycle again, and
there is no reason why they should, as the
skirt they are now asksd to wear will be
only the length of the bloomers and is
really only intended for appearance sake
when off the wheel.
Physicians' certificates relating to the
merits of new patterns of bicycle saddles
in the majority of instances are far from
oeiug infallible, and should be accepted
with the greatest caution by intending
purchasers. Doctors oiten judge a saddles
merits upon its theoretical basis, without
witnessing the results of practical tests or
making the tests themselves. Softness
and elasticity are by no means the prime
requisites of saddle construction, and
where these features are pronounced the
saddles possessing them have proven use
[ less when the rider is called upon to do
I even an ordinary amount of riding. •
A fifty-mile ride will best test the vir
tues of a saddle, and how many of the new
! freaks which are marketed under the
name of saddles will stand the test to the
satisfaction of the rider? A firm seat is
1 tne essential ttiing for easy riding, and
! only by the use of a firm seat can a bicycle
be kept under proper control.
The saddles last year furnished with the
| standard makes of wheels were of leather
; top, firm and durable, elastic enough for
the purposes desired, and purchasers of
1895 bicycles of that character had no
cause for complaint. It will be wisdom to
| select the same class of saddle this year, as
freaks are destined to have a brief and in
glorious career.
J. N. Brittain, the well-known wheel
man of Los Angeles, will leave that point
for this City about the 3d of April, making
the trip awheel by easy stages along the
coast road. He will follow the route laid
out by the league road book.
Most of the leadine colleges of the coun
try will hold distinct cycling tournaments
the coming season. The Intercollegiate
i Athletic Association appreciates that
cycling is the favorite sport and is en
couraging it immensely. It would be a
wise move for Stanford or the University
of California to hold such a tourney.
The San Francisco Koad Club will hold
its postponed ten-mile try-out to-morrow
morning from Fruitvale to Haywards, and
Captain Pixley has called a club run to go
over on the 9 o'clock boat. Not until the
result of this race is known will the club's
relay team be decided upon, other reports
to tne contrary notwithstanding.
The Fowler sextet has been taken to
Portland by John Plows, who has it in
charge. There is a possibility that he may
return here with it before going East, as
Mr. Plows is trying to secure an all-Cali
fornian racing team for the National cir
cuit, and arrangements are now being
made with several of the noted local rid
ers. There will probably be four or five
men on the team, all or whom must be
extremely fast. Mr. Plows knows the ma
terial is here, and he intends to find it.
The Bay City Wheelmen is not a body
of superstitious young men ana save for a
bulldog mascot* named "Mike" they have
no good-luck fetich or other symbol of for
tune around the ciubhouse. * But one of
the members claims to have had a premo
nition that the club was going to win the
coining relay race and he is willing to bank
on the reliability of his information. It
seems he attended one of the spiritualistic
sessions of Anna Eva Fay tne other even
ing. When she made the customary re
quest for questions from the audience
upon pieces of paper he sent up the query,
"What club will win the 100-mile relay
race next month?" What was his sur
prise and delight to hear the answer, later
on, "Some one in the audience wants to
know what club will win a certain bicvele
race; it will be won by the Bay City
Wheelmen." From the assurance of Pres
ident Kerrigan and Captain Plummer ever
since I am half inclined to think they De
lieve it will be so, but, nevertheless, they
will hold their try-out to-morrow at San
Leandro.
Cycling Gazette of Cleveland, Ohio, ha 3
issued a neat little pamphlet entitled "Up
to-Date Cycling Record Book.' 1 As the
name implies, it is a hook of condensed
records, vest-pocket size, and also contains
half-tone ciits of the leading record
holders. It is a valuable little volume and
is well worth sending the 10 cents asked
for it, as its compilation must have cost a
great deal.
it is interesting to read in an Eastern
cycling journal that there are 88 bycicle
factories* in Chicago alone and 110 in Illi
nois. New York is next with 80. The
others are : Alabama 3, California 5, Con
necticut 11, Colorado 3, Delaware 1, Dis
trict of Columbia 3. Indiana 30, lowa 2,
Kentucky 4, Kansas 2, Michigan 19, Min
nesota 2, Maine 1. Maryland 7, Missouri 8,
New Hampshire 1. New Jersey 9, Nebraska
3, Ohio 36, Pennsylvania 21. Rhode Island
2. South Dakota 1, Texas 2, Tennessee 3,
Utah 1, Virginia 1, Wyoming 1. Wisconsin
14. Canada has 4 factories. There are in
this country 106 makers of parts and 43
saddle manufacturers.
Captain Beattie has called a century run
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
THE LAD WHO CAUGHT THE FIRST TROUT OF THE SEASON.
[Sketched by a " CaU " artist. 1
■if the Liberty Club around the bay to- |
morrow, taking the 7:30 a. m. boat. The :
entry list for the club's five-mile handicap
road race on April 19 will be large. The
club will hold an election of officers next
Tuesday night, and another dance in the
near future.
Fifty-eight ladies joined the League of ;
American Wheelmen last week, twenty oi |
whom were Californians, being members
of the Alpha (ladies') Cycling Club of this
City. The North California Division
gained ninety-two members during the
past week, which brings the total mem
bership up to 132 G. They were mainly
from the Reliance, Alameda. Olympic,
Alpha and California clubs, with a goodly
sprinkling of unattached riders. Appli
cation blanks and pamphlets . telling the
objects and methods of the League of
American Wheelmen can be had by ad
dressing the cycling editor of The Call.
A. Theison of the California Cycling
Club upheld the honors of that club at the
recent indoor tournament in conjunction
with C. Birdsall. Theison is a strong, con- |
sistent rider and will be a tower of strength
on the club's relay team.
The Bicycle Protective Association will
A. THEISEN, A FLYER OF THE CALIFORNIA CYCLING CLUB.
hold a meeting next Thursday morning at ,
10 o'clock at Garrity's, Golden Gate avenue i
and Leaven worth street.
Under the guidance of Captain H. C. |
Frank, the Eintracht Wheelmen will have
their initial club run to-morrow through
the park and Presidio, leaving the club
rooms on Twelfth street at 9 o'clock.
Spalding.
THE ANGLER.
Streams to Be Fished Next Week.
Ready for the Opening: Day.
If thou art worn ana hard beset
With sorrows that thou wouldat forget,
If thou wouldst read a lesson, that will Keep
Thy heart from fainting and thy soul from .sleep,
Go to the woods and hills! No tears
Dim the sweet look that nature wears.
.LONGFELLOW.
"The rod, the rod ! A kingdom for a rod
worth having."
It was that thorough and enthusiastic
disciple of angling, James Watt Esq., who
thusly addressed Henry Skinner, the
champion long-distance tfy-caster of the
Pacific Slope, yesterday afternoon at the
laiter's place of business on Market street.
While the twain were engaged in con
versation relative to trout streams and
trout fishing, and especially the new spoon
recently invented by Scott Watt, which ia
guaranteed to land successfully a 10-inch
fish when artistically handled, in walked
Fish Commissioner Emeriti with his care
fully waxed imperial. He was accom
panied by Mr. Mansfield, Mertiano Allen,
Albertano Cumming, and a few other dis
tinguished members of the Fly-casters'
Association.
The conversation on flycasting, trout
streams, small fish, spoons and flies and
the prospects for big baskets of lish on the
opening day of the season. April 1, waxed
very warm while the authorities on every
thing that pertained to fish scales and
fingerlings were in action, so to speak.
After much discussion on weather and
wate- and long distance casting—a science
by the way that must be thoroughly
mastered by an angler before he can suc
cessfully whip any of the "large" coast
streams that empty into the ocean— the
anglers agreed tna"t there would be first
class flyfishing in April, provided the rain
king would keep the floodgates closed. So
much for the prospects of good angling on
the first days of the open season of 1896.
Trout fishing is at any rate a most fas
cinating pastime. If the sport consisted
solely in the capture of fish the majority
of anglers would quickly tire of it, but
fortunately there are greater pleasures in
angling than the killing of fish, otherwise
it would be far cheaper and less laborious
to tramp to the nearest market and catch
your fish with silver hooks.
True anglers never grow tired of the pas
time, and generally speaking they delight
in reading any instructive and entertain
ing matter that relers to the gentle and
quiet pastime.
Those who have read Derm Swift's book
on salmon-fishing can readily understand
the underlying current of sentiment that
stirs the anglers' soul when there is a ref
erence made to trout streams and salmon
rivers.
Somehow there seems to be a free
masonry about angling that will cause
strangers who meet on the banks of a
mountain stream to feel like brothers with
in fifteen minutes after they have dis
cussed the merits of some of the most
popular and extensively used flies.
When the season for trout fishing ap
proaches one of the greatest pleasures
enjoyed by anglers is in chatting over the
prospects for the inaugural outing, and
the expectation of once again hearing that
dear old lullaby of the mountain creeks,
, which is and always will be the sweetest
j of music to the true angler's ear.
As the season . advances and the first
I signs of spring appear preparations for
excursions that have been planned and
talked of for weeks begin in earnest. The
tackle is overhauled, rods are varnished,
reels oiled thoroughly, and fly book re
filled. ,^
What a pleasure it really is : after the
weary winter months of waiting to stand
at last on the bank of a favorite trout
stream, " threading the : line anxiously
through the j rings of an , eight-foot) rod,
.while overhead the woodrobin is singing
the .' same old . song it , sang the, previous
spring and the sunbeams flitter through
the delicate green foliage flecking the rip
ples of the water over which you intend to
wet your first cast,' with a beautiful golden
hue. r
Judging from the long spells : of dry
weather that have been experienced this
winter, it would be somewhat hazardous
to predict what the first week or two of the
season will bring. v ;
According to the predictions of some of
the old weather prognosticators, who pro
fess to know all about our s beautiful ; cli
mate and * its ? lightning changes, we will
have heavy rains in April. •
; At any rate the, present appearance; of
the weather does not justify the statement
that old Jupiter intends to shut ; off the ;
sluice box of 1896 until he has had an op
portunity t [ of ? putting a damper on the
baskets of some of *. those overzealous
anglers who will be out on the first days of
the ; season regardless of wind or weather
conditions.;
According to reports , recently , gleaned
from the country, the sport of trout-catch
ing should be good in April, but the rise
in the rivers, owing to the late rains, may 4
upset the: calculations of those who are
positioned to foretell. ;
,"•:': It 5 can i be ' taken '■ for granted, however,
that if the fishing next week is not as gooa
as a large majority of { the anglers expect,
those ; who '?; avail of ?: the opportunity ;of
wading s f through cold '( mountain streams
can rest assured *. that Mf' they ; fail to fill
their baskets with fish, '• they /will ! return to
their homes ? thoroughly invigorated and
with % appetites \ that : will % astonish / their
good wives— that is if • they should be so
lortunate as to be members of the family
of benedicts. ' : y; ■■■■■■/;/ — ■ \ ■'.■ v,- :.■ .■.;• ;
1- Now, then, anglers, here is a list of the
streams ; and : creeks which flow ; through
the counties k within easy reach .",- of i this
City, and * all ; that is necessary to say is, '
make your own selections: : - ;•■" '
San Mateo San JMateo! Creek, - Ban
Fruncisquito, : Kedondo, Redwood City Creek.
Yeguns Creek, Grosbys Creek, Cupertino or
Stevens ('reek.
Creeks that empty into the ocean in the same
county — San Pedro, San Vicente, St. Augus
tine, Deer Creek, Arroyo del Munte, Piburcitos,
Purissima, Lobitas, Tunitas, San Gregorio or
Arroyo Honda with its two branches, viz.:
Clear Creek and Boggus Creek, Pompanio
''reek, Pescadero Creek and Peters, a good
branch, Burtano Creek and Trijoles.
Santa Cruz County— Scotts Creek or Arroyo
de Jarro, Arroyo San Vicente, San Lorenzo
River and its numerous branches, some of
which are Fall Crock, Newell Creek, Bear Creek,
Kings Creek, Lompico, Leventa, Arroyo Villa
or Brown Creek, Gold Creek, Shaquel Creek, Ar
royo del Rodeo and Blackburns Creek. Besides
these there are Aptos, Corallitos, Boulder,
Wadell, etc.
Marin County— Corte Madera, Ross Creek,
Blythedale, Gallinas, Novato, Olema, Lagnr
itas, Paper-mill, San Geronimo, Big and Little
Carson, Nicasio, Arroyo Sousa, Arroyo San An
tonio and Austin.
Sonoma County— Sonoma Creek and tribu
taries, Aqua (aliente, Hooker branch, Fowler,
Calabasas and Stuart at Glen Ellen, Shell
Creek, Petaluma and Russian River.
Alameda County— San Pablo, Pinole, Wild
Cat, Bear Creek, Walnut Creek, San Lorenzo,
Haywards, Arroyo Mucho Creek, Fish ranch,
Alameda Creek, La Costa, San Antonio, Arroyo
Honda, Calaverae Creelc and Niles.
Santa Clara County — Guadalupe Creek,
Coyote Creek, Campbells Creek or Arroyo
Quito, Arroyo Seco, Los Gatos, Carnadero and
Las Llagos.
The trout streams in the vicinity of
Highland Springs, Lake County, will be
fished extensively this year as good re
ports have been received from anglers who
reside near the springs.
McMath of Hullville, Lake County,
writes that excellent trout-fishing will be
had this year in Soda and Salmon creeks,
as steelheads had access to those waters
during the past winter and several of them
remained over.
William Fuber of Pieta writes that the
dam in Pieta Creek still remains, but that
the basket which prevented a large num
ber of fish from ascending the stream has
been removed
Should the weather remain fine during
the next week the Paper-mill and Laguni
tas creeks should be in pretty fair order
for tisuing by Sunday, April 5. The late
rains have discolored these streams and
the refuse stuff from the hills will supply
the little finny inhabitants of the creeks
with food of all kinds. According to the
following letter received from Joseph F.
Bertrand of Tocaloma, the prospects for
good sport when the Paper-mill Creek
resumes its normal appearance is first
class. His letter reads:
Sporting Editor Call: The present outlook
for the opening of the trout season on the
Paper-mill Creek offers a more favorable oppor
tunity for a "good run" of steelheads and large
trout than has been known to anglers for many
years past.
The recent rains have so raised the stream
that the late run of steelheads has made good
headway in reaching the far end of the head
waters. By the Ist of April it is presumed that
they will be ready to make good the return trip
by slow stages. Should the weather remain
passive the state of the water will be in a splen
did condition for excellent fishing.
Since the closing of the paper-mill at Taylor
ville, which is now over two years, the water of
the stream has become free from all those
poisonous ingredients that were so injurious to
small fry, and together with the clearing away
of the old dam, that was such an obstruction to
the free access of incoming runs for the upper
waters, the little fingcrlets have now fairly
doubled their growth under the thriving nutri
ment peculiar to these waters.
Joseph F. Bertrand.
Tocaloma, Cal., March 24, 1896.
There can be no gainsaying the fact that
during the months of April and May the
streams which invariably give the best re
sults are within easy reach of stations on
the San Francisco and North Pacific Coast
Railroad, which line taps all the tribu
taries of the Russian River.
THE GUN.
Inanimate Target and Live Bird
Shoots to Be Held To-morrow.
The Olympic, Empire and Lincoln gun
clubs will meet to-morrow at the Oakland
track, and the betting favors the Empires
as the Olympic Club team will be weak
ened by the loss of some of its crack shoot
ers, who are entered for the big shoot at
Sacramento. '
John R. Carroll of the Olympic Club
will give a second shoot on Sunday to his
friends at Mountain View. Forty dozen
live birds have been secured.
On Sunday the San Joaquin Valley Gun
Club will hold an inanimate target shoot
at Stockton, unknown traps and angles.
The shoot is open only to residents of San
Joaquin County.
Commencing on April 10 the California
State Sportsmen's Association will hold its
annual live bird shoot at the Oakland
track. Pigeon grassers from San Fran
cisco. Stockton, Sacramento, Riverside, Los
Angeles and Marvsville have signified
their intention of being in the race for
money and glory.
The Alameda Sportsmen's Club will
NEW TO-DAY.
Fancy
Bosoms
Percale ? Shirts, with fancy, bosoms : and
cuff and white collar, will be more than
ever the vogue this year. I;
; The nobbiest, r neatest, prettiest and
oddest patterns are those with this mark
below the collar band inside: ,r
•
**l Waoe'i 1
NB
I MARK I
Wear best," too, and a home product. ;
Neustadter Bros., Mfrs., S. F. --:-'- '
meet t>day at the Empire Club grounds
and the smashing of clay birds will follow.
Among the members are some of the best
all-round shots in the State.
Sportmen should not fail to glance over
the article published under the head of
"Sacramento Sporting," as it contains
several interesting items concerning trap
shooting and angling.
The inaugural excursion and picnic of
the Sportsmen's Protective Association
will be held at Schuetzen Park, San Ra
fael, on April 12. The president of the as
sociation says that tickets are selling like
hot cakes and that a good time is guaran
teed to all who will attend.
A New "York paper says:
The performance of Rolla 0. Heikes in break
ing 100 bluerock targets with Winchester re
peating shoteuns in 5 minutes 35J<j seconds
was considered wonderful. This he did at the
tournament of the Kentucky Gun Club in
Louisville on Washington's birthday. The
time taken was so brief that it seems impossi
ble that he could beat that record by a minute
and a quarter, but this he did February 26 on
the ground." of the Limited dun Club in In
dianapoli", Ind. He broke 100 targets out of
12*2 shot at, but the number of misses WB.« in
creased by some bungling on the part of the
assistants in loading. Out of the first 25 he
broke 21: the time was 1 minute. In the sec
ond 25 he missed 3. broke til out of 75, and 83
out of 100, and still had a fraction of time left
before the expiration of 4 minutes. He scored
100 out ol 122 shot at in 4 minutes 20 seconds.
The guns used were Winchester repeating
shotguns, live in number. After giving an ex
hibition of fancy shooting, in which pairs, four
and six bluerocks were broken when all ■were
thrown into the nir at one time, Mr. Heikes
broke 124 out ol 125 bluerocks shot at.
THE OARSMEN.
Enthusiastic Members of the South
End Club— Races, Etc.
If all the boat clubs about the bay had
the interest of rowing at heart that the
South End Boat Club of this City possess
it is safe to predict that boatracing on this
coast would ever be to the fore making a
strong bid for public appreciation.
It will be remembered about a year ago
a regatta was held at El Campo under the
auspices of the South End Club. It was
the tirst regatta of any note held on the
bay for almost a decade and was a pro
nounced success.
At the time the club gave the regatta it
was in debt and raised $500 by popular
subscription to carry the affair turough,
but had It proved a failure the South End
Boat Club would iiave been a thing of the
past and its boathouse and boats sacriliced
to pay the expense iacurrea.
But with such energetic members as
Johnny Herget, Billy Ackerson, Alfred
Fritz and William F. Humphreys, presi
dent of the P. A. A., in the club, success
is assured.
It was mainly through the South Ends'
endeavors that the Olympic Club became
interested in boating.
It has been noticed that when a
regatta is held here the South Ends arj
always represented, a fact which cannot
be said of the other clubs, and invariably
the South Ends carry off the honors of the
day, for defeat means disgrace to them,
"Win or die" being the motto of the club.
The oarsmen of the club who are to rep
resent California in the Northwest and
East are practicing daily and say as far as
the rowing end of the affair is concerned
that they will do their best to uphold it.
On the Sunday subsequent to the tirst
Tuesday of every month (be club will hold
a regatta. A sum of money will be put up,
which, together with the entrance fee paid
by each oarsman, will be expended in the
purchase of suitable prizes.
The Arifcis and Dolphins are working
hard to advance the interest ot the sport.
The Ariels will begin next Sunday with
their system of try-out races, as already
published, and the Dolphins have two ex
cellent crews in training for the coming
Ei Campo and Stockton regattas.
W. A. McGrill is organizing a four-oared
crew over at Elmhurst, Alameda County.
At present the boys take their practice in
a large skiff, going two and a half miles
down the bay to row.
When the Elmhurst Athletic Club is
organized they will join the Pacific
Athletic Association and row in all re
gattas. The members of the crew will
probably be: Jess Swalley, stroke; Billy
Barks, afterwaist; William Carter, for
wardwaist; M. Moran, bow; and Louis
Stehm, coxswain. It is the crew's inten
tion to purchase a racing barge as soon as
convenient.
The crew composed of T, F. Barry, b.ow;
H. Smith, iorwardwaist: Dave Cam bell,
afterwaist; George Bates, stroke; and
Tommy Guilfeather, coxswain; who made
such a good showing against the South
Ends' big crew last Sunday, have chal
lenged their victors to a return match.
The deti has been accepted and a race is
new TO-PAT.
A two-bit cigar for
ten cents— that f s what
it amounts to* There
are none better than
hand made pure Ha-
vana Filler Cigars, no
matter what you pay*
The "Robert MAN-
TELL" is such a cigar
and the ONLY one
sold at popular J^sl
prices* «£ <£ *£ \sj^jjjw ; ;
■
' - ■ ' ' ■■■■■"■■.■■".."■■.■..
E ; -- ! Send for the Monarch book, ?|3
I MONARCH I
X§ 4 models. |80 and 100, fully guaran- 12
Xs teed. For children and sX
VH adults who want a lower ■^^P^BW^fcw S3C
jfce price wheel the Deli-
jE Ban rrßnpl *^"^PCTjßwjllSlf<tfjß
Weak Men and Women
OHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKKS. THK
BtrengtU to the Sexual Organ* ««•»"• »»»*
I^^^ M^lllKPlffllSiils
■ 1 V lomL p;™^ \ fains In the Buck, Seminal F.missions, N,tvop< DeblUty,
fl VrF V Ss?£ n^ti nfll ?? w » to ry ' "T»«""Hltg Drai ls ; Vart-cele and
■ X N _y \L:^\y. Constipation. -1 1 stops "flosses by day or night^Prevents quick-
I BEFORE *hd^ER ness of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
■ BEFORE AND AFTER g 1 . 1 ' 1^ horrors of Impotencj'. CUPinKSEcleauses the liver, th«
■^CTO^K^rengthen^teK^aV?^^^
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., .< 1170 Market street, San Francisco Cal For sale by
- • ' BROOKS' PHAKiIACY, 119 ivwell street.
NEW TO-DAY.
iwuNYOrrsr
STATEMENT
TELL THE TRUTH AND NOTHING
' BUT THE TRUTH.
Do His Remedies Cure or Not ? He Says th»
People Have a Right to Know, and He
Refers to Many Who Have Been
Cured and Who Will Cheerfully
Answer All Questions.
Mr. F. Heitman, 1020U Larkin street,
San Francisco, says: "I must juve my
testimony for Munyon's Blood Cure. My
scalp was a mass of sores from eczema,
and, although I had the best medical at-
tention and tried all kinds of prescrip-
tions, I never received any benefit until I
began using Munyon's Remedies. A few
bottles of the Blood Cure removed every
trace of the disease and made a complete
cure. Prof. Munyon may well be proud
of his success in San Francisco, for Mun-
yon's Remedies are given preference over
all other medicine? in every drugstore."
Munvon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price 2.3 c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents r>neu-
I moniaand breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the luntrs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily . cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days. Price. 50c each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blooa Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for *>ach disease. At all
druggists, 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia. Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
1895
MARCH
BICYCLES
\
Sew, Shop-Worn and 2nd-Hand,
AT ■ : ■ ; .-
Bargain Prices!
An excellent opportunity
for those contemplating open-
ing renting establishments.
THE MARCH-DAVIS CYCLE CO.,
. J. G. FRENCH. Manager.
. 330 POST ST., S. F.
/i/^7ifyGYCLES.
POSSESS
PEl^AflEfiT
WO^Ttf.
They are the choice of ex-
perienced riders who know the
difference between a wheel
that IS high grade and one that
simply claims to be.
CATALOG FREE.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J. S. CONWELL, Man.q.h
18 & 20 McAllister St., SAN FRANCISCO.
TIBERTY
BICYCLES
FROM
$25 UPWARD. CASH ONLY.
We cannot offer such bargains much
longer.
WHEELER 4 WILSON MF6. CO.,
; 933 Market St., bpp. Mason.
ALL LATHE WORK^^^S^FDR TWO YEARS.
I A.L.BANCROFT & CO. 324- POST ST.S.F.Bet for Sunday, April 5, at 11 a. m. over the
Long Bridge course.
Arrangements for tbe South Ends' re
ception, to be held at Native Sons' Hall,
April 16, are almost completed and the
programme will be announced during the
coming week. The committee of arrange
ments consists of J. E. Scully. J. D. \ta
honev, J. A. Lcnaban, J. P. ODea, "W. J.
O'Brien and Al Fritz.
Precedine the South Ends' reception. will
be held the Ariels' entertainment on Apri
7, at Union-square Hall.
Mr. Berry of the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation is the recipient of a letter from the
Pacific Northwestern Association in re
gard to the arrangement for holding the
championship games and regattas, but
nothing definite has been arranged as yet.
ATHLETIC.
Wrestling at the Olympic Club.
Boxers and Swimmers.
The Olympic Clubs wrestling tourna
ment will be held on Monday evening in
the gymnasium. The entries for the
events closed hist evening. Professor
Meihling, the instructor, says that the
contests which will be witnessed on Mon
day evening will prove more interesting
than anything in the line of wrestling that
has taken piace in the club for many
moons, as there are several high-class
men among the entrants.
The first of a series of sprints and long
distance races which have been arranged
by Captain Gill, will be held at the Olym
pic athletic grounds ou Sunday, April 5.
E'lgreu, the crack hammer- thrower and
weight-putter of the University Club, is
authority for the statement that Berkeley
will .-end a team to the East this year that
i_e the cobwebs from the eyes of
ro college boys, who have been under
the impression that the wild men of the
Vest could not raise anything better than
pumpkin* and "sich."
'« c will Biraply clean up the dust with
thosa Eastern chaps this year," remarked
Edgren with a setting sun smile.
Ihe Larline Swimming Club will give
an excellent exhibition of swimming and
polo playing on Thursday evening next.
* 'ne of the principal features of the even
ing will be a polo match between two well
drilled teams.
The Olympic Club propose to select
only the very best talent from among the
army of boxers for its special boxing night
at the Pavilion. Try outs will be held on
Monday evening, when the good will be
segregated from the bad. The bouts will
be worth seeing.
HANDBALL.
Amateur and Professional Games
Slated for To-Morrow.
It was expected at the last meeting of
the Olympic Club directors that the pro
posed new handball court controversy
would be settled.
The energetic and enterprising director,
B. E. Short, stated he had collected $1000
from members who are interested in the
new enterprise, but the president, Mr-
Eaton, stated that no action could be taken
in the matter until the club had held an
other meeting with the owner of the prop
erty on which the proposed court is to ba
erected. There is evidently some hitch in
the agreement entered into between the
club and the property-owner in Question
and if matters be satisfactorily ad
iusted before the next meeting of the
board, which will be on Wednesday even
ing next, the future of the new handball
court will be made known.
The managers of the courts on Howard
street have prepared the following pro
gramme of games for to-morrow:
At Phil Ryan's court — W. Manion and
M. McNeil will play P. Ryan and G.Me-
Donald, M. Edwards and J. Collins to play
R. Murphy and W. Stansbury, P. Kelly
and J. siattery to play P. Kutchinson and
J. Nelson, AlPeunoyer and J. McEvelley
to play J. Lawless "and D. Connolly; P.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, and G.
Hutchinson to play J. Harlow, the coast
champion, and W. Williams.
At Alc-Manus' court the principal event
of the day will be a match berween T. J .
Bonnet and James C. Nealon against J. J.
Feeney and R. Lenihan. Tnis match
should prove very interesting.
THE RIFLE.
California Schuetzen Club Spring
Festival at San Rafaei.
One of — if not the principal — event of the
season will be the great spring- rirle
shooting festival of the California Schuet
zen Club at San Rafael Park.
Over ninety prizes have been received by
the secretary of the club for the honorary
target contest, wh;:h promises to eclipse
in the way of remarkable scores anything
that lias heretofore been attempted.
T'lere will be no end to the noise of crack
ing rifles and the smell of burned powder.
In the language of Billy Jordan, the
famous master of ceremonies of prize
□gbt;-, it will be the event of the season.
The total amount of prizes which will be
shot for on this auspicious occasion
amounts to $1500.
F. Schuman, the proprieor of the park,
is arranging an excellent programme of
games, etc., for Sunday, April 5, in con
junction with the great shooting festival.
Itifle-shooters from all parts of the State
will be present.
The following item recently appeared in
the Banffshire Journal, a Scotch paper,
concerning some wonderful shooting:
Mr. Edward Charles Russell Ross, who won
the first Queen's prize at Wimbledon in 1860,
■when he was only 19 years of age, and who
afterward became one of the most cele
hrated deer-sialkers of his time, died on the Ist
inst. at North Berwick. He was 55 years of
nge. His great skill as a pisiol shot may be
gathered when it is mentioned that one occa
sion, for a bet, he brought down nineteen out
of twenty-one swallows on the wing, and on
another occasion entertained an Austrian visi
tor, Prince Esterhazy, by hitting butterflies
fluttering in his garden.
SACRAMENTO SPORTIN
Kimble and Upson Trap-Shooting
Tournament— Reel and Rod.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 27.— The
roadrace of the Capitol City Wheelmen
has been postponed indefinitely, owing to
the fact that the roads are too heavy to at
tempt to maKe time over. The next thing
of importance in wheeling circles will be
the roadrace between the Stockton and
Sacramento clubs, for which event relays
have already been established.
April 1 will usher in one of the most
successful fishing seasons vhich have ever
been known on the Sierra slope, so say all
the old-time knights of the rod and gun
■who for years have frequented the moun
tain streams in search of the "speckled
beautie?," and many are already making
preparations for a trip to the hills, as the
season will open early owing to the fact
that there is but little snow in the moun
tains this year in comparison with former
years, and the streams will run down
rapidly.
L. U. Upson, who has just returned
from a business trip, reports that ttie
Grass Valley sportsmen are mak'ng ex
tensive preparations for the opening of
the fishing teason in Nevada County, and
are expecting great sport.
The Supervisors of Placer County have
extended the close season until June 1.
B.- this time the spawning season is over
and the streams will not be depopulated
so speedily. Parties who have been in
the vicinity of the Rubicon and Truckee
rivers report that trout are more plentiful
than they have been in yeans. Salmon
are being taken in large quantities beiow
Rio Vista, on the Sacramento River, but
very few are being caught above this
point. Striped bass are more than plenti
ful and are increasing rapidly. Game
Warden Helms has charge of the stocking i
of a chain of lakes a few miles below this
city with black bass, and as they will be
preserved iocal wielders of the rod are
looking forward to good sport in the
future. This energetic official has put an
entire stop to the sale of speared trout in
this city by the Indians. Finding that
they do not come within the pale of the ,
the lair he notified all, through the
medium of the press, that he would
prosecute auy person whom he found
purchasing trout from the Indians.
Then ha watched the trains, and
whenever the nomads brought in
trout he followed them around and
warned any one attempting to purchase
them. As this ruined the demand, tne
Indians have stopped bringing the slaugh
tered fish to market, but during former
years thousands of pounds of speared
trout have found a ready sale in this city.
Helms declares that it will no longer be
permitted. He also stated that there are
larger quantities of duck and quail breed
ing this year than has ever been known in
tnis vicinity before.
Fish Commissioner Morrison, who has
I just , returned from a trio to the Scott
! River district, in Siskiyou County, declares
that to be the Mecca of sportsmen, al
though as he states the game laws are
totally disregarded; still all kinds of game
and fish are so plentiful that no diminish
ment is perceptible. Steelheads are being
taken in that vicinity in larger quantities
tnan ever before known.
Doves are reported to be making their
appearance in large numbers, and many
pairs are already nesting. The Grass
Valley Gun Club is issuing invitations to
I sportsmen turougnout the State to attend
a bluerock tournament which will be
given under its auspices within the next
month.
The Ximble and Upson opening shoot
will take place next Sunday. No entries
will be made until the meeting at the
grounds, but Woodland, Wneatland,
Stockton. Marysville, Oroyille, San Fran
cisco and Oakland clubs will all have rep
resentatives present. The Spoonbill Club
meet will take place the first Sunday in
April at the Eckhardt shooting grounds at
Agricultural Park. As yet the list of
prizes has not been announced. The Swiss
and Sacramento rifle clubs have consoli
dated and will tackle the butts every Sun
day.
That enthusiastic sportenaan, W. E.
Gerber, has procured twelve pairs of Mon
golian pheasants from Eugene. Or., and
has placed them on his rancn on Paynes
Creek, in Tehama County. If the birds
I propagate he will introduce them through
j various portions of Sacramento County.
I He has a crack place to raise the birds, as
I his ranch lies in a valley between high
mountains, and with but few shotguns in
I the vicinity. Kutherfoed.
THE YACHTING SEASON
Programme of the California
Yacht Club Regattas and
Cruises.
Opening of the Tiburon Lagoon To-
Morrow to Let Out the Tied-
Up Fleet.
The yachting season has begun in earn
est and by to-morrow quite a fleet will be
at anchor off the clubhouses at Sauaalito
and Tiburon. The lagoon at Tiburon will
be opened for the firs t time this year to
morrow, and all the imprisoned boats will
be taken out. There will be a big gather
ing of yachtsmen, and the entire day will
be spent in getting things shipshape.
The programme of the California Yacht
Club tor the season will be about as fol
lows:
April 18— Opening day. Jinks, for members
only.
April 19— Cruise in squadron.
April 25 and 26— Open.
May 2— A chowder cruise to Goat Island.
May 3— Cruise in squadron.
May 9. 10 and 16— Open.
May 17— Rpfratta. W alter cup.
May 23— CrolM tr> the oyster Dens.
May 29, 30 and 31— Cruise to Vallcjo and re
turn.
June 6. 7, 13, 14 and 20— Open.
June 21— Regatta.
June 27 and 28— Open.
July 3, 4 and 3— Cruise to Drakea Bay.
July 11, 12 and 18— Open.
Ju.y 19— Association regatta.
July 25— L'priver cruise— a week on the
Sacramento River.
August 2— Return of fleet.
August 8, 9 and 15— Open.
August 16— Ladies' day. Clambake.
August 22— Cruise to Vallejo.
August 29, 30 and September 6 and 7— Open.
September 9— lnter-club regatta.
September 12 and 13— Open.
September 19— Reception to the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club.
September 20— Escort the San Francisco
Yacht Club home.
September 26 and 27— Open.
October 3 and 4— Cruibe in squadron. Clos
ing day.
The yacht Juanita, owned by Savory
and Shields, has Been remodeled and is
now one of the prettiest boats in the fleet.
She has new spars and sails and her fur
iii<hi!iK is of the best. Her ownerß^xpect
to have many a pleasant cruise in her this
season.
Commodore Taylor's new yacht Emma
will be launched from Stone's yard to-day
and the work of getting her in racing trim
will at once begin.
The new boat for Billings and Bridge is
well under way and her owners say she
will be a crackerjjack. The Truant, owned
by Commodore Peu. and the iEolus, owned
by Morrow and Westerrield, are on the
ways being overhauled, and the Queen
owned by Charles H. Morrell, will go on
next Tuesday. The Sappho, owned by E.
Engeiberg, will go on the ways at Sausalito,
and the Lurline will go to her summer
moorings in a few days. All in all, the
outlook for the yachting season i 9 en
couraging and the bay ot San Francisco
will see a collection of boats that probably
cannot be beaten in the United States.
OLYMPIC MEETING.
Entries for the Tournament, Which Will
Be Held Tuesday Evening.
The Olympic Club's wrestling tourna
ment will be held on Tuesday evening, the
31st inst- Between the contests will be
introduced something in the way of novel
ties, so as to relieve the monotony of too
much of one thing. Through the kind
ness of Gustave Walters of the Qrpheum
Theater, the famous club juggler!, Alber
tus and Britram, and the Pan tzer brothers
will appear in specialties.
The following are the entries for the
tournament:
Feather weight, 125 pounds— G. Green, Acme
Club; H. Platt, Reliance Club; E. P. Arinbrus
ter, O. C.
Light weight, 140 pounds— C. T. Kreling
O. C ; J. C. \Villianison, Acme Club; 11. J. But
ler, 0. C; K. D. Wexson, Oakland Athletic
Club.
Middle weight, 158 Dounda— C. W. Hawks,
O. C.;F. G. Phillips. 0. C.
Heavy weight, over 158 pounds— F. V. King
ton, 0.C.; C. W. Hawks, 0. C: F. G. Phillips,
O. C.
R. McArthur will act as referee, and the
timers will be F. R. Butz and C. F. Morel.
The contests will commence at 8 p. m.
sharp, and each bout will be limited to
ten minutes.
MANSLAUGHTER IS CHARGED-
Daniel Dunn Held to Answer for the
Killing: of C. A. Maria.
The preiirninary hearing of the strikers,
Daniel Dunn, James Hoirnes, William
Potee, John Drugan, Michael Shine and
William J. Dowiing, charged with murder
ing Charles A. Marrs, took place before
Judge Low yesterday. Dunn was held to
answer to a charge of manslaughter in the
sum of $5000, the other five being dis
missed.
While there was abundant evidence to
show the presence on the scene of all tbe
men charged with the murder, there was
nothing to connect any of them directly
with the act except in the case of Dunn.
Several witnesses swore to having seen the
latter strike the deceased several times
with his fist.
The case against Henry Rothgang,
charged with participating in the same
crime but who had asked for a separate
hearing, was also dismissed. There is
still a battery charge resting against him,
but that will probably be withdrawn also.
Dunn furnished bail and was released at
10 o'clock last night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCK 28, 1896.
GAVE BACKERS A SCARE
The Judges Deliberated Over
Declaring Bets Off on
Another Race.
_________________
PERHAPS WAS THE WINNER.
Gcoi Day for Outsiders— Road Runner
and Lena Both Repaid Their
Friends Well.
The judges officiating in the stand at
the Bay District track deliberated for some
minutes over the result of a race yester
day, and the crowd looked for a repetition
of the Sir Richard ruling on Wednesday,
when all bets were declared off. Perhaps,
the fast brown gelding owned by Neil and
Coney, took the fourth event, a live and a
half furlong dash, in handy fashion,
backed down a couple of points from 6
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Forty-fourth day of the California Jockey Club's Winter rieetin_, 1895-96. Bay Dls
trict Track. Friday, riarch 27. 1896. Weather tine. Track heavy.
Q"l C FIRST KACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances;
010. purse $300.
Horse, age, weight.
%
%
908
88*
912
885
806
900
901
895
882
876
Road Runner, 5..:
Charles A, &...:..:
Banjo, 6.... :
Governor Budd,3.
Daylight, 3
Brametta, 3.......
Mt. Air, 5 :
San Marcus, 3....
Joe Hill, a ...:
| Sagamore, 3
1
6
7
3
10
4
8
I
2
9
13
2%
63
7%
8 V.
5%
4 2
3 b
0
10
] 3
26
6h
72
8
51
3h
4%
9
10
14
2 8
53
41
7
8
3 3
6
9
10
12
2 5
3%
44
5 10
6%
7 3
8 60
9
10
Shaw............
W. Flynn.......
H. Martin
Mclntvre
Piggott..........
Garner...
Snider
Hewitt
H.Wilson.. ....
stufliett.........
10
6
6
15
6
3
3
60
30
8
8
10
5
60
5
4
5-2
160
100
25
■ Starting-gate used.
Time, 1:18%.
Won easily. Winner, Antrim stable's ch. h., by Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker.
Ql £_ SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs;
t/JLU. purse $300.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
% :
%
I Betting.
Op. :-:;'- CL
908 I
908 I
893
803 ,
880
I Flirtilla, 4 ...... .105
All smoke, 4 105
Nellie G, a.. 112
Ida Sauer, 4 105
Bravura,!. 105 1
1
4
I
5
11%
3%
2h .
5 -..'
42
1%
32
23
46
61
1 3
34
2 4
4 20
6
14 I
35
24
4 20
5
12
2 8
35
4 20
6
'iggott '
9-10
6-6
5
1 30
15
3-5
2
10
100
15
aider ., i
1. Griffin. I
1. Bergen......
', Sloan......... I
n*J rj THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; conditions; purse $400.
Horse, weight. I St. %
I | I
Lena...: .....98 2 ........
Roselle... .....98 1 ........
Rebekah ....95 3
Valdos 98 5 I
Duro... ........... 98 1 4|
%
Jockeys.
652 I
890
870 ;
903
807 :
12-
l#
4 10
5
i 3
_ a
.--. -.
46
5
1
4
10
4
W. Flynn.......
E. Jones
C. Slaughter....
Garner...
TO Gnlll,,..,
4
10
bS -
15
8
2-5
20
5
50
IP. Sullivan
Starting-gate used.
Won handily. Winner, F. Farrar's ch. f., by Apache-Rill. Time, :51*/i.
QIC FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs;
yJO. purse $300.
conditions; allowances;
Index. I ; Horse, age, weight. St.
907 Perhaps. 3 89 4
Easel, 3 711 7
885 Faro. 5. .....116 3
899 Red Bird, 5. ...... 102 1
912 'TennesseeMald.3.100j 2
901 Robin Hood I, 6. .112 «
878 Last Chance, 5. ..102 10
602 Quarterstaff, 6....114 6
478 ! Mount Roy, 6.....110 8
'Ichi Ban, 5 112.11
596 Soledad, a 104 9
........ j»Joe. a... .112 13
(674) Realization, 5... .115, 12
. 3 3
. 2 I
4%
1%
61
71
93
8 2
61
113
10 6
18
12 10
34
2 I
4 3
lh
6
7
9
8
5
11
10
12
13
%
1%
3 1
4 10
2%
5 3
6%
9
7%
10
11
12
13
. Str.
14
2h
3h
4 6
63
6 3
73
8 10
9 10
10 5
1120
12 20
13
1. Johnson......
Woods
Sh»w
Garner. .......v.:
W. Flynn.......
Shields
H.Martin
Glover......;...;
Snider .,...;..'...
Rowan. '../.v..-,::
H. Wilson
I Ames.-, v.. ."..,.-.
IE. Jones....;.:..
Jockeys.
10
10
8 '-.
j
10
'-8.- :; '
8 -
SO
10 .
50
15
20
8-5*
Starling-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Alma Dale
Time, 1:05. "Formerly Una gelding. .' jgjglfgg
Viley.
Q1Q FIFTH
VLO. $400. .
, ; purse
Index.
H96 ilkeL. 4 .....1
905 Decision. 3., ...:.. D
(905) Tonino, 3.........H
905 Modesto, 5....... _1
896 Miss Ruth. 4.....1
901 Monitor, 3.. 1'
892 ! Clara Johnson, 3.
I Horse, age, weight.
j St. I %
5 4h
2 1 h
I 1 24
i 6 « -
4 6h
| 3 3 .
left
63
1 1 "
83
4%-
6
»%
%
j % ' I Btr.
! 6 5 4 i/ a
1% 11
2 1% 2 1
44 53
6 6
3%. 3 3
hi*
31
I 44 I
.5 10
'6y.
Shaw...',... ...•.:
Garner,...*...::'. |
Hnields ..... ;
Pijtgott ..;._. j
Hennessy.. . ;;.-.-
E. Jones........
Snider........... |
i8;:-."8
8 . 11-5
32 .9-5
lSj-iT^fiO
j»*^ v 12
S^'.*6
20 " 80
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Garden
Time, 1:34%. .-.-■- ■ . ;
stable's ch. h., by Major Ban-Miss .
qoa SIXTH RACE— Seven .furlongs; selling:
0£\I. purse $400. . _. ■
Horse, age, weight.
% '
Jockeys.
899 '
888 I
1343
900
'Sallie Clicquot. 3.
i George Miller, 6..:
Howard, &.: .*
Remus, 6... '.
1
2
3
4
1%
2 2
3%
4
1%
2 6
36
4
13
2 10
3 15
4
14
2 10
3 20
4.
1 10
23
3 20
4 ■
C. Slaughter....
H. Griffin
Piggott :
li. Jones....
7-10 7-10
6-6 3-2
30 15
I 30 50
Start'
Time, 1:1
used. Won easily. Winner, Q. B. Morris & Co.'a b. f., by 8alvaior-\Vidow Clicquot.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
I
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track. : i
Id races where the torses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
£lgtasce are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; 1., furlong; *> about.
FIRST RA
! Best
Lbs record.
I
Name.
Tk.
F...
Pedigree.
499
869
916
866
846
705
889
793
863
902
814
753
1319
909
865
,889
! Veva.. .
; \ eva
Card well
Saxamore
I Prince Devlne..
I Harry Lewis. . . .
j Ginger
Mirambo
Ida H
Little Tough
Monterey
Moran
Rosalie
Wild Rose
j Tuberose
|Esperance
jConchfta
94 1 . 1:021/2
101 1:0034 I
91 no rec.
110711:251/4
i 110 :
108
104 no rec.
! 94
110 1:083.4!
110 1:13% i
96 no reo.
108 no rec.
i 110 1:09 Va
98 no rec.
110 ........
I 95 no rec.
i of
I 5f
I
"6%J"
! "6% I;
*6f
108
110
'.'.'.'.
..
I
ibi
103
....
....
....
'F...
F...
1
L ■••
J. Rogers .......
W.Earp. .......:...
Cambridge stable. . .
S. Merri weather
J. Maddox ...,
J. Guerrin. ...:...::
Ambrose A Miller..
B. sschrelber........
G. 8a1r.........
J. O. 8ay1ey. .......
'/.. Abrahams
J. Grace..
F. W.Graham
C. Earl ..;
T. A. Tobin .......
Lone stable
Imp. Greenback-Lillie W
Rath bone- Victoria
Sensation-Fa vona
Prince Norfk-FrnkieDevine
Versailles-Couslu Kate
Kolian-ResponJ
El Rio Roy-Question
Ben Ali-Hidalgo
Glen Elm-Unknown
Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
Patten-Louise Forrest
jimp. Mariner-Rosy
;Wtididie-Rosetland
Wildidle-Agnes B
Aita Mother Hubbard
|Imp. Friar Tuck-Pink
........
'¥%!
|...
....
Fa!
....
I*".'
....
....
....
D BACE— HaIf a mile: two-year olds.
Lbs
Best
record.
Pedigree.
Kama.
887
(832)
897
910
903
(890)
(903)
'Howard 8.
Caspar ,
jDolore
{Hobenzollern...
St. Dunsiau
I Key delTlerra..
Lumina
j :3» I
! :5O !
no rec.
no rec.
i :50
I :49iA
SI
\A/k m
m m
i^'m"
Vs,m I
Ih..
jF..
F..
....
r. H.
lit"
stck farm
nig........
:e stable..
ro stable..
St. Andrew-Cuisine
Wildidle-Rosetta
Imp. Brutus-Brown Maria
Kt. Carlo- MarilPA
•Fa!
I Fa.
au tjario-Marnee
Prince NorJolic-Haldee
Ip. Martenhurst-Vandaligbt
THIRD RACE-Si.x furlongs; selling.
902 jßapido
811 jPalomaclta.
856 Irish Chief
901 'Sen. Hoffman..
916 NeUt«G
916 All Smoke
Roeder |
74ft Arttcus {
759 Oracie 8 !
'Rome Harris... I
902 (Raphael
607 Hanford
915 Daylight
285 Aruo
616 Vlrgie A
1285 Serapbin
Name.
| Be»t
1 Lbs I record. Cist.
102 no rec ........
94 I:O9 Va 6y 3 f
110 '..
99 ........ '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
108 1:131,4 *6f
105 .... .T;
113 1:1614 6f
113 1:66 I lVgm
108 1:08 61 a *
103 no rec ;...*.:.
1 110 1:07 6f
107 1:073/4 5%f
109 ........ ........
107 1:02 14 5f
96 1:01 a/4, 5 t
105 1:21 B%'f
Lbs Tk.
....fc
90 Fa.
98 If.'.!
........
112 Fa.
99 Fa.
104 1F...
98 h!!
90 F...
ibi fV.!
94 F...
89 F...
E. Kaufman
Burns & Waterhonse
F. Brown & C 0...;...
D. J. Tobln
J. Brenock
1.. Stephens
,\. a. Blakely
W. VlveU
Musto<& Ruyz
M. Greer
E. Powe
CalUornia stable
J. G. Brown &C 0....
Owner.
Jt'yclone-Ny
Imp. Inverness-Dora
Sampson- L' nknown
Imp. Silt Gown-Ordnance
Imp. Darebin-Mura
Argyle-Glenloch
Pr. of Norfolk-G 11 roy Bella
Alexander-May Prltchard
Duke Norfolk-Futurity
Imp. Kvrle Daly-Visalia
Coioma-Laura D
Cycloue-Wansa
Pedigree.
r. G.
Murphy & Butler
B. Ward
J. Conway
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
handicap; value $7500.
.Best
Record
I
Lbs Tk.
107 Fa.
120 H..
104 1 H..
105JF..
104 H..
88JF..
99|F..
90 F..
llllF..
108|F..j
Owner.
(884)
846 |
(884)
845 I
871
681 :
611 I
899 j
827
840 ]
I
iiii.'. !'.!!.'.'
11011: §4
108i«:lJ
116i1:6£
10l!2:l(
106'2:1<
9211:4'
107 1:1:
I 881:1!
1 1121 1:3!
|lll|l:5i
tli/fem
; IV* m
lV 8 m
: IV* m
; IV* m
, / 1-18 m
.16 f ■
': 6 f
, Jim '"'-■
, Ws m
!p. Dunne
BurnsaWaterhouse
S. C. HiMreth
T. Lundy
J. Harvey
W.OB. Macdonough
Pneblo stable
Wm. Thorn ps on
Elm wood s SOU frrn
! tlmwood slock frm
Hindoo- Francesca
I Wildidle-Free Love
I Imp. Woodlnds-Lady's Maid
Imp.Chevlot-Phoßbe Andrsn
iGano- Jennie B
I Beau t<n mi id el-imp. Mirage
Flambeau-imp. Janet M
sndo
state
jr.....;:.:.
iimp. Brutus-;
'Imp. Brutus-:
latiou
FIFTH RACK— About one and an eighth miles: handicap; steeplechase.
8955 I
886
169
I 876
(886) !
905 !
. - . . ■; / .• i : Best- ■■-'-.■-,..
.. Name. Lbs record. Dlst.
(Three Forks... . 163 B^2^ *li/ a m
Swiftsure ..". 1201 no. rec. ........
Lochlnvar ...... 120 no rec. .......'.
W. L. Munson.. 120 ...:..: | ......:.
He 110..... ....... 148 3:27 *1% m
Sir Kee1......... 18813:44 *i.Vi m
Name.
Lbs Tic.
124 F...
135 1 Fa!
136 H.
F. Farrar
A. H. Small
B. Rudolph
J. s. Oppenheimer..
O. F. Johnson
Almona stable
Owner.
-Trifle
Laura D
if.vlnt.Ar,
«■■•:
entered not to be
to
regular
I
Index. Name.
898 Yankee Doodle.
981 Realization
(883) Kamsln
878 . Ricardo
437 Sir Play
(89P)Magnet
(846) Libertine
I Best
Lbs! record.
99 1:14%
104 1:0734
96 1:141/5;
9711:1614'
106 1:17
120 I; 141/4
1 12311:13%!
6f
' 6f
I «f
C'f
■ 6f
I
Lbs'Tk.
107 v 7.
107 F...
94 F...
105 H..
87 !h..
llS'Fa.
124|F...
imbrldge (table.,
illfornia stable ...
Ezell
F. (apps
B. Morris* Co..
. A. Honig
G. Brown «fc Co..
Prince Royal-Manzanita
i Regent-Sadie
Biazes-Miss Hall
Wiidldie-Blne Bonnet
Imp. Sir Modred-Play thing
Imp. St. Blaise-Magnetic
Leoimi us-Kalais«
Pedigree.
SEVKNTH KA
mile; purse.
In dcx.
Name.
| Best
.record.
Tkj!
Owner.
.
898 !
913 I
(904)
898
oft* [
1eiar. .......
iwln 11... 7.
-ielßandids
!1:42 lm
1:061/2 oi, f
1:42 1 in
1:401/3 |1 m
|1:14 i*e*
F...
f..:
J. H. Shields .;.:.-.
Burns «Wat'rliouse
Lone stable .. . . . . . .
Alex. Shields
W. OB. Macdoa'gh
Imp. JEoihen-Wyandotte
Imp. 11l Useil-Littlo Hopes
Imp. True Briton-E. Collier
Voltigeur-Pert
;ijt. (Jerf-imp. Maiden Belle
in.V... ..T.:;
.Sata Bella
to 1. Realization opened an Bto 5 favor
ite, receding in the bettine to threes. He
failed to run into a place, and the judges,
thinking him capable of making a better
showing, called his rider, Eddie Jones,
and the owners of the horse, Hoag and
little, into the stand. Jones explained in
a manner that was satisfactory that he
was badly interfered with soon after
the start, being compelled to pull up to
avoid being thrown, and Charles Little,
one of the owners of the sprinter, produced
a ticket showing that be had backed tha
horse to the extent of his capital. The
track, which was heavy, was exactly to
Perhaps' liking, and as the bookmakers'
sheets showed nothing of a suspicious
character bets were paid as the horses had
finished. Easel, aloto 1 chance, captured
the place from Faro. The decision gave
general satisfaction.
The overnight cards announced Magnet
and Libertine as starters in a condition
event, but their presence caused all of the
other'entries to scratch, and general disap
pointment was expressed among the
crowd. Two favorites were all that cap
tured purses. . '
Dodd's uncertain horse, Mt. Air, had
slight call for favoritism donors in the
opening six-furlong run, but he was
j afflicted with a loss of staying powers and
tramped in among the "also rans."
Road Runner, with Shaw up, was always
in front, and won easily from Charles A,
another outsider.
The seven-furlong event for mares
proved rather an easy thing for O. Ap
pleby's Flirtilla. backed down from evens
to 3to 5. She made all of the running
and won handily from All Smoke, the sec
ond choice.
A "sleeper" was unearthed in the two
year-old four-furlong spin. Lena, an 8 to
1 shot, showed in the lead soon after the
barrier was raised, passing the wire an
ea^y winner, with the 2 to 5 choice Koselle
finishing in the place.
As usual the favorite was beaten again
in the seven furlongs decided over the in
side course. Tonino was figured a good
thing on his easy victory of Wednesday,
the talent backing him at odds of 8 to 5.
Decision, the second choice, always had
the lead on him and looked a winner up to
the last furlong, when Iko L came with a
rush and took the race by half a length.
Tonino was a poor third.
With but eighty-four pounds on her
hack, Sallie Clicquot, the 7 to 10 choice in
the last race, a seven-furlong condition
race, experienced no difficulty whateverin
disposing of George Miller, who was well
supported at 8 to 5, defeating him with the
greatest ease by fully eight lengths.
CONTRACTORS ARE LIABLE
Commissioner Fitzgerald Says
That They Defraud the
Laborer.
OVER $75,000 OWING HIM.
Proposed Bill to Be Introduced at
the Next Session of the
Legislature.
If Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald car
ries out bis present intentions, and tbose
who know him best do not doubt the
tenacity of his purpose, a bombshell will
be exploded in the camp of a large num
ber of prominent contractors within the
next few days.
Mr. Fitzgerald has the uam«s of well
known contractors in his possession wbo
owe over $75,000 to laborers in the various
trades. His acquaintance with the labor
element of the City and State and his
knowledge of certain conditions which
prevail long eince convinced him of the
necessity of some legislative action. That
action would take the form of a law pre
venting any contractor who owes money
for labor performed from taking a contract
for public work until his former laborers
have been paid in full.
But it will be some time before the
meeting of the next Legislature, and in
the meantime Commissioner Fitzgerald
has made up his rcind to move on the
recreant contractors in the interests of the
laboring men who have been deprived of
their honest earnings.
"I have the name's of all these contract
ors who owe this $75,000 and more, and if
after due warning they refuse to pay the
wages of their former employes I shall
have them published. Suits will also be
brought against them on behalf of the
men who have been kept out of their
money.
"As an instance of the manner in which
some of these contractors would treat their
labor creditors I reed mention only a
single case. Bowers, who has the con
tract for tearing down the old American
Exchange Hotelon Sansome street, when
questioned by me with regard to the pay
ment of certain back wages, calmly and
impudently told me to perigrinate to that
region where fur-lined topcoats are a not
able superrluity. He further informed me
that if I tried to interfere with him or
his work he would punch my head.
"It was a great bluff on his part, for
when the interference occurred be went to
the City Hftll with me and made provi
sions for paying his men. This is merely
an isolated case quoted for illustration,
and there are many others.
"I am convinced that there should be a
legislative enactment. We can make the
contractor do what is right with a great
deal of trouble and needless bother, but if
there was a law on the statute-books the
laborer would get his due and without the
need of a lot of legal formulie. No con
tractor should be allowed to accept a con
tract for public works who owes a cent for
prior labor. The laboring men in the sev
eral trades are amply protected in their
work on private contracts, and this bill
which I shall have brought up in the next
Legislature will refer only to tmbiic works.
"I think it will be advisable to incor
porate a clause providing for the appoint
ment of an attorney to prosecute all cases
under the new statute for a moderate com
pensation. There are many able and
reputable attorneys here who, with their
regular practice, could afford to take such
an office for $600 or $709 a year.
"And, again, the majority of the con
tractors are with me in the move. They
freely admit that such a law would be in
the interest of honest labor. As long as
men who dodge the payment of a large
percentage of their labor bills are permu
ted to compete with the contractors wnose
conduct is governed by a different code of
morals there will be suffering on all hands.
Cheaper work will be done, wages will be
kept down and the worker for wages will
have trouble in getting his earnings, if he
gets them at all.
"A very prominent builder came to me
the other day and waxed enthusiastic in
his indorsement of my purpose to have a
bill passed at the next session of the Leg
islature. 'Yes,' he said, 'push it for all it ia
worth; we will furnish the money.' I
told him I did not need any money to
push such a bill. Neither do we. All we
ask is protection to the workingmen.
Think of it! Over $75,000 owing to the
laboring men of this City, and most of
them of the skilled class.
"This bureau has saved thousands of dol
lars for the laboring men so far, and the
figures will multiply before we finish."
FEE BILL OF 1895.
Sheriff Whelan Obeying the law in All
Its Provisions .Except as to Keepers.
Horace D. Dunn, the expert of the Grand
Jury, is still working in the office of the
Recorder. He has not officially visited
the Sheriff's office. Sheriff Whelan says
that every facility will be extended to t&e
expert whenever the latter is ready to begin
his investigation.
in regard to the new law known as the
fee bill of 1895, Sheriff Whelan yesterday
said: "There is a misapprehensioii about
the law and its relation to the Sheriff's of
fice. lam not ignoring the law, but am
not following that particular provision of
the act relating to the payment of $2 a day
for keepers. The provisions of the law,
however, which relate to the payment of
fees into the treasury, are respected and
followed.
"As the case i 3 on briefs before the Su
preme Court, I have been advised, for the
protection of myself and bondsmen, to fol
low the old law in relation to attachments
until the court points out some way to
compensate keepers under the new law."
"You will see by reading ihe new law,"
continued Sneriff Whelan, "that it pro
vides that keepers shall receive no greater
sum than $2 per day, but it does not say
who shall pay the money. No provision
is made for collecting the money from the
party attaching the goods, and neither
does it say that the Auditor and Treasurer
shall make the payment. Under the old
law, I can release the attachment if fees of
the keeper are not paid, but here another
proposition is presented. lam simply
waiting for the Supreme Court to interpret
the new law." _
City of Oakland Enjoined.
The London and San Francisco Bank has en
joined the city of Oakland from opening up
Fallon street, on the ground that it is not a
public thoroughfare, but belongs to the com
plainants. The case will be heard in the United
States Circuit Court cm April tt.
BANK PRESIDENT BEALS.
The Great Financier Found Health in
Paine's Celery Compound.
v/ * ■ c£Z* ■._. /**--•" :■■■—•■ . ■ .;
Prominent among the New England men
whose brains and energy have helped to
make the Western States rich and power-
ful is General David T. Beals, president of
the Union National Bank of Kansas City.
Successful in his many enterprises, he lives
to-day in a fine mansion at the corner of
Independence and Wabash avenues.
The work and the resDonsibility incum-
bent on the president of so important a
banking institution as the Union National
would endanger the sturdiest health.
General Beals' clear-headedness and good
sense were as manifest in the choice of a
remedy as in bis business enterprises. He
strenfthened his tired nervous system by
the use of Paine's celery compound. Its
invigorating, health-giving effects justified
bis expectations, and showed in his own
case the remarkable power of this much-
discussed remedy for thoroughly reEtoring
and strengthening the "run-down" system.
"I found Paine's celery compound an
agreeable tonic and soothing to the nerves, "
says General Beals.
These are the concise words of commen-
dation characteristic of the conservative
business man and the influential banker,
who has learned well to weigh his words.
The scanty sunlight, and the stagnant,
used-up air of living rooms during the
winter, reduce the strength and nervoii3
ARE GROWING NO BETTER
Socialistic View of the Work
in gman's Condi
tions.
Professor John Monteith Attacks the
Deductions of a King's College
» Economical Authority.
Professor John Monteith addressed the
weekly meeting of the Society of American
Socialists last evening. The speaker's re
marks were directed mainly to disproving
the assertions of Professor Leon Levy, the
head of the department of economics of
King's College, London, that the laboring
classes of England had obtained their full
share of the prosperity which the nation
had enjoyed. Professor Levy's deductions
were based upon statistics compiled from
the income tax reports. These, Professor
Monteith argued, were, for many reasons,
misleading and inaccurate. Chief amone
the faults of the statistics, he pointed out,
was the fact that only those whose incomes
w«»re derived from trades and professions
were included, leaving out the class that
the people were most interested in, the
multi-millionaires, whose incomes were
derived from possessions in every part of
the globe. These people, he maintained,
upon authority of leading economists, had
practiced such comprehensive fraud in
making out their income returns that no
adequate idea could be gained of their
wealth.
"Figures are not facts," said the profes
sor, "only the signs of facts. The dif
ficulty of them is that many people have a
superstitious belief that anything quoted
in figures must be true. The increase of
the averaee income or the average wealth
tells nothing about the average distribu
tion of either. Averages are for almost
every purpose. If another man and I,
both on the verge of starvation, are walk
ing down the street and some one eives
him a loaf of bread, the average of each of
ua is half a loaf, but he gets it all."
The speaker then showed by what; he
claimed reliable statistics that half the
families in England to-day have no accu
mulated property. According to General
Booth, in London 10 per cent of a popula
tion of 38,000,000 are idle, and other econ
omists have placed the number nearly as
high.
In spite of this dismal showing for Eng
land the professor scouted the idea which
he declared politicians would in a few
months be declaiming from the rostrum,
that the working classes of the United
States were immeasurably belter situated
than their fellows across the water. In
answer to questions by members of the so
ciety he stated that socialism— liberal in
that it is comprehensive and radical from
the fact that it contemplates a complete
revolution of existing social institutions —
was the only logical remedy.
Next Friday evening the society will
discuss the new city charter.
LABOR IN THE SOUTH.
Los Angeles Trades Unionists Are In
.' Favor :of Having a Resident
Commissioner.
Friends of : organized labor in Los Ange
les, are apparently desirous of having a
resident - Deputy Labor Commissioner in
the southern metropolis. • Complaints .'are
being made by several of the unions that
the workmen in Los Angeles are not being
treated quite fairly. Apropos of p. this
strained condition there has been consid
erable correspondence between the State
.Labor Bureau and several of ; the trades
union ; officers of ;-■ Los -Angeles, " the last
letter. 4 received being: the following from
President Phillis of the Los Angeles
Typographical Union 6, which arrived
yesterday :
" Los Akgkies, March 25, 1896.
[ • Eon. E. L. Fitzgerald, Commissioner of Labor—
■ ■- :. ■ -. - ■ ■ '.-- ■ .■-'■■■' • . .. ■ ■ • -' ■-■.-■■
energy, especially of persons employed
constantly indoors. The need— the abso-
lute necessity— of a genuine invigorator at
this spring season has impressed itself on
the attention of all thinking people.
In the famous laboratory of Dartmouth
Medical School. Prof. Edward E. Pbelps,
M.D., LL.D., discoveied the formula of
Paine's celery compound, a remedy that
has become the standard nerve restorer,
blood purifier, and strenethener from one
end of the country to the other, a prepa-
ration that stands unrivaled as the medi-
cine that makes people well.
It is a fact much commented upon that
men and women of national reputation
and prominence, like Gen. Beals, State
Treasf Colvin of New York, Mr. Carlisle's
private secretary, Mayor McShane of Mon-
treal Rev. Fr. Oueliet, Com. Howell, ex-
Minister to Austria John M. Francis, and
a host of others who are careful what they
employ when eicK, and have the amplest
opportunities for finding out what is best,
have of their own accord sent letters de-
scribing fully their permanent recovery
from rheumatism, heart weakness, sleep-
lessness, debility, kidney troubles, and
diseases of the stomach and hver. In all
these cases Paine's celery compound was
the one remedy that was able to com-
pletely and permanently bring back health,
make"poor blood agaiu rich and pure, and
regulate and build up tne nervous system
when weakened and deranged.
Dear Sir: You may have noticed in the.
papers of the early part of the week that at
the labor conference held in this city last Sun
day a resolution was passed favoring the
giving of more power to the Commissioner of
Labor, and also the appointment of r deputy
in each city of the State having over 30,000
population. . • .
Will you kindly send me a copy of the law
by which your office was established, and also
the amendments which have since been mader
There is a widespread feeling among intelli
gent labor leaders here that when we have a
commissioner who is so earnest and true to
labor's interests as you are believed to be, ha
should have all the help which we can give
As the originator of the movement which
brought this about, I hope to meet you aud
present to you some of the grievances of the
typographical union here. Respectfully yours,
3y s . Joseph Phillis.
Commissioner Fitzgerald intends paying
an official visit to Los Angeles in the near
future, during -which he will do all he can
to arrive at a correct understanding of the
exact condition of things. As for the
remedy, that may be more difficult to
obtain* and apply, owing to the limited
resources of the bureau. At all events Mr.
Fitzgerald promises to make a searching
investigation and apply what remedies he
may find at hand.
Europe produces on average about 55
per cent of the world's yearly wheat crop.
North America grows yeariy about a quar
ter of it; the United States more than 20
per cent of it.
NEW TO-DAY.
Back Pains
Are Signs. of Trouble Coming,
Dr. Sanden's Electric; Belt
Will Cure Them.
A strong cur« s»\§. It can be regr-
rent of electric- r<sliYs? ulatedbyanew
ity is felt by the ■"• AS?#i\3£' patent ; regula-
wearer every h^jp- iV&* * or> so ** '. to
moment this \£l~ r r-P— make it as
belt is on the v^V.-lyrS'*- stronß or mild
body. . ■ ;. - '^vWi'NiVO as you want it.
: r r/{\Vr. .■
Don't neglect these frequent pains which
come in your back. They are usually forerun-
ners of ■ Bright's disease or some functional
disorder, ana may bring you to an early grave
if neglected too long. A mild Electric current >
from Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, applied j while I
you sleep at night, will soon remove the cause
and cure you. . - .
. From a Prominent Man.
. .'I have been a sufferer from Sciatica for five
years or more, and was badly done up at times.
When 1 would stoop over I would not be abl*
to get up again without great pain, and suf-
fered a great deal from it. I got relief in two
days from your Dr. Sanden's Belt, and my back
is now as well as ever."— S. D. Valentine of
Francis & Valentine, steam printing-house, sl7
Clay street, San Francisco.
Is Your Back Weak?
If so, you are liable at any time to be laid up
sick, as your back is a great nerve and muscu-
lar center,' and a pain or feeling of weakness
there is a message from some famished organ -
which needs help. .; Dr. Sanden's * Electric Belt '
sends it» life-giving power right to the spot,
which accounts for its j quick cures. ■ Consult I
the doctor about it, free, or send for , the book
"Three Classes of Men," free.
SANDEIN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 j Market Street, ; San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours ; 8 a. it. t»
8:30 P.M.; Sundays, 10 to 1-V. ,; /; 7:..
":■ ■.-'•.•■. ••-;../ OFFICES AT: > .' -
LOS ANGELES, CAI«. I; PORTLAND,' OR.,
i 201 So uU» Broadway. | 253 Washington street.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
qjIMABV OF THE MARKETS.
BU-rltns Exchange higher.
Silver lower.
Wheat weak and dull.
Other Cereals quiet.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Nothing doing in Baana.
Coal as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weaker.
ror.l'.ry advanced again.
Vegetables firmer.
Fruits praotlcmsy unchanged.
Meal market steady.
Provisions dull.
Potatoes aud Onions lower.
explanation.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. The top flgur**
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of m»ited snow in inches'and hundredihs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure: iao
tliPrms, or aot!e<l lines, equal temperature. Th«
word "high" m^ans hi?h barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
rpfprs to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied Siy cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
Wben the pressure is high io the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
ioiuh along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked enrva
tore rain south of Oregon is improbable. With k
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to theCalifornla coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these condition! will produof
»n «ppo»ite result.
WJE.ATBER BIREAU REPORT.
Vn-ttep States Department of Aobicui>
tire, weathkr . bubeac, Sax Francisco,
March 27. 1896, SP. m. Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 35.81, last season 36.79: Bed Bluff
16.19. last season 26.72: San Francisco .15. 37, last
season "3.41; Fresno 5.37, last season 12.64: San
Luis obispo 15.41, last season 24.46: Los Angeles
7.88, last season 13.91: San Diesro 4.44, last season
11.48: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
68, Bed Bluff 60, San Francisco 58. Fresno 60. I
San. Luis Obispo 58, Los Angeles 66, San Diego 64,
Yum a 78.
- San Francisco Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 51, mean 54.
The following rainfalls are reported from sta
tions in California during the last 24 hours: Eu
reka .22. Bed Bluff .16, San Francisco. lo, Fresno
.02. San Luis Obispo .03.
The area of low pressure central this morning
over Wyoming and Montana is moving eastward;
the pressure having fallen rapidly during the past
524 hours in the upper Missouri Valley, and risen
over the Pacific Slope. The western half of the
storm has been marked by light rains and fresh
westerly winds, except in Southern Idaho where
heavy snow has fallen. Idaho Falls reports .88
inches melted snow. Rain has fallen in showers
over California north of Los Angeles. Very light
rain is alsOTeported from "Arizona. The tempera
ture has fallen over the entire western half of the
country, except in a very small area near Carson
and at Walla Walla, where the rise has been slight.
An area of high pressure appears to be moving in
from the ocean, and clearing weatner with slight
rise in temperature may be expected Saturday and
Sunday. .;
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. March 28, 1896:
Northern California — Fair; warmer; westerly
winds.
' southern California— Cloudy; slightly warmer;
westerly winds. - •
Nevada— Fair; warmer. .
Utah — Unsettled weather Saturday, clearing 1
Saturday afternoon: warmer.
Arizona— Saturday: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Saturday warmer;
westerly winds. Alexander O. Mcadte,
. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. March 27.— Speculation at
the Stock Exchange continues quiet, the transac
tions to-day amounting to only 137,750 shares. At
the opening the market for stocks was weak and
lower, London having turned up as a seller. It is
estimated that the foreigners parted with nearly
10,000 shares of St. Paul. Louisville and Nash
ville and other issues with an international mar
ker. Local operators were disposed to sell moder
ately on rumors that there will be exports of gold
next week. It is understood that a Broad-street
commission firm which was quite a factor last
fall in the foreign exchange market bad received
at) order to forward 500,000 gold next week.
This could not be confirmed, and it was thought
thai if the Treasury Department shou'd make an
other call on tie depositor.- banks for a part of the
money he'd by them on bond account, or if the
premium for gold bars were again advanced, ship
ments of the metal will .be prevented. The early
decline ranged from Vi to 1 percent. .Sugar, the
Grangers, Louisville and Nashville, Chicago Gas,
Leather preferred, Manhattan and Pacific Mail
scored the 'atest losses. In the afternoon trad
in : Tobacco was the feature and rose from 83 Vis to
fe7Vj on vague rumors that the company will re
sume the payment of dividends next week, and
that the difficulties with the outside concerns had
been ad.v ued. ■
Baltimore and Ohio also met with better sup
port, and rose to 18%. Speculation closed firm.
Net changes were merely fractional ' except for
Louisville and Nashville, which declined y g . and
Baltimore and Ohio and Tobacco, wnich gained
13/g and 3/ g respectively.
'lhe bond market was dull and lower. The
• transaction footed up $675,000. Northwest gold
sevens, registered, fell lVi to 117; Colorado Mid
land cousot lours certificates,. 2i/ 2 to 233,4: San
Antonio and .\.ransas Pass fours, 1 to 56; Perm
■ sylvania four and a halfs, 1 to IIOV2: Nashville,
Chattanooga and St. Louis lint sevens rose Ito
127, and Pit'sburg, Shenandoah and Lake Erie
fives 2 Vi to 87 V*.
In Government bonds $37,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 11f34(ij,1167' 8 . • ,
. ' Grain.
- FLOUR — Quiet, easy. Winter wheat, ■ low
prunes, *2 '.;s(gj2 85: do. fair to fancy, $2 »5@3 90:
do, patents, ?.-( 90@4 25; Minnesota clear, 82 70®
Hoi): do, straits, $3@3 60: patents, $3 55@4 25;
low "extras, »2 25@2 85: city ; mills, $4 15(g}4 25:
«!o, patents, *4 20(g»l 45: rye mixtures, $2 50(&
S»0: superfine, 1 $'J(g>2 60; fine, $2<s2 »0. South
ern' flour, easy: common to fair extra. $2 40@3;
good to choice. $3@3 30. Southern Hour, steady.
I Bye flour, quiet, firm, at f 2 60@2 85; buckwheat
flour, $1 20®l 25.
f, BUCKWHEAT—4O@4I%c.
-. COKNMKAL- steady: yellow Western, $2 20
©2 25: Brandywine. $2 20. - ■
. KYE— Nominal; Western, 49@51c.
BAKLEY— Quiet: ungraded Western, 40<a47c
. BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western. 50@58c.
WHEAT— Market dull, easier with options. No.
2 reo, store and elevator, 79c: afloat, SO Vie: f. o. b.,
i<U@&lc: ungraded red, 63®S2c: No. 1 Northern,
•73c. ..-■'■ •-- ■■ - ' ' • - ■
Options lost y 8 ® Vie, rallied 3/*@Vfec. following
the West : . fell 8 c 011 local - realizing, andclossd
I weak at Vi e under"yesterday, with a dull trade;
' May < and uly • most active. No. 2 : red: - March,
To% c : April, 701/2: May, 70c; June and July,
095 c: August; September, b9%c. .
'.< CORN— DuII, scarce. •- firm and unchanged, with
trading ' only, local ; ; May most active: ■ March,
>87Vic;.Mav. 356/sc: July. 36%e. .„
OAT?— Dull. him. . . . .:
Options— Dull; firm. March, 24«4c; Mar, 25©
2514 - ' Spot prices: No. 2 white, 26V-.C:" No. 2
Chicago, 26c: No. 3,' 24c: No. 3 white, 25c;
mixed Western, 25c: white do, 26@28Vac; white
Ktate, 26ra»J8J.:.c.
FK ED- Bran, 60<ffi62i/j,c.
M IDDLIN(4S-«s@7l'c.
JLVE— Feed, 62 1 3 (a.65c.
I'rovisions.
BEEF— Dull, steady. ' Family, $10®12: extra
mess. HI 60@8. Beef bams quiet; $14 50@15.
Tierced beef, quiet ; ' city . extra, India raess,
»l&fels 50. Cut meats, : quiet, steady. Pickled
bellies, 12 U.s. 4%@-l%c:, do shoulders, iVic;
do hams. yV.faOc. '.
LAKD— litre;, steady. Western steam, 85 40;
city. SI 95; May, $5 47 V 2 . Keliiicd. slow: con
tinent, •$& 70; fcou:h A merican. ' «ti 10; com
fiouttd. 4%c~. ■■ • - . - • - ; '■'
J'OKK- stca'i;-. M«-ss, SO CU©lO. V
Kit— Choice rirm.'fflir demand. Stat(» dairy
9<ts'2oc; do creamery, *■ held, ~l2@ltie; -Western
dar.v, 10@14c:. do ■-. creamery, 130220: do held,
J2@lßc; ; do factor}'. £@13c: : Elglna,'" 22c; Imi
tation creamery. 12|jpl7c: rolls, 9@l4c. ; . ;.-
CHEESE.— Pair demand,? steady. ' State, large,
6®loy±c; do factory, 10@14c: flo small, 6@lo*,i;
part skims, 3<s7c: full skims. 2@2%c.
EGGS— steadier, fair deninii'l. Slate antl Penn
sylvania, 11%@11%c: Southern, 10y 2 @llc:
Western, iresh, 1714 c; duck, 25<529c; goose, 65©
70c. . - ■ • WKlli«rfß**»*sl ,
TALLOW— Weak. City. 3 11-1 1 c:. country. 3%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Crude. 21c: yellow prime,
25% c: do off grades. i! s i/.i (s'■£!> Vi» c -
RESIN— Firm. Strained common to food, $1 75
@1 77V-. - : •
TURPENTINE— Quiet: 28% c.
POTATOES— Moderately active. . Sweets, SI 50
@4 50.
RlCE— Moderate demand. Domestic, fair to
extra. 3@334c; Japan, 3s / i@4V2C
MOLASSES— Firm. Nt Orleans open kettle, ■
good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Unchanged 10 10 points tip. March, j
(3,$ 13 2(kg.VS 25: May, 912 25@12 35:|June, $11 75 j
1185; July, $11 15; (September, ; $10 06@in 70;
October, $10 45<510 50: November, SlO 25©
10 35: December, $10 20@10 25. Spot Rio, dull,
steady: No. 7, 13S.ic.
SUGAR— Haw dull, firm: fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugals 96 test. 4 3- 16 c. Refined firm, quiet,
unchanged; No. "6. 4V>c; No. 7, 4 5-16 c; No. 8,
4S/ S c: No. 9. 4 5-16 c": No. 10, 4 Vie: No. 11.
4 3-16 c; No. 12, 4i/ 8 c; No. 13, 4 l-16c; off A. 4 9-16
(54 13-lt>c: mold A. 53/ 8 c; standard A, sy c:
confectioners! A, sc: cut- loaf, 5»4c: crushed, 63/ 4 c:
powdered, 58/ c; cubes, CS/ 3 c; granulated, syaC
5%c.
Kruit an Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS-Almonds — Soft-shell,
7%<S:Bc: do paper-shell, ll@l2c. '
APKICOTS— Bats, 9Vz{a.i2i ..c,
PEACHES— PeeIed. VSy>@loc; unpeeled, 4@
6i/ 2 c.
PRUNES- Four sizes. 5@5i.4c,
SlNS— London layers, 7f>@Ssc: do three
crown loose Muscatel, 3 c; do four-crown, 4@sc;
do clusters. $1 25@1 40.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6%@7c; do soft-shell,
E%@loc.
HOPS— Quiot, easy. State common to choice,
2y 2 <aßc: Pacific Coast, 2%@Bc; London market
dull, 20@405.
WOOL— Firm; domestic . fleece, 16@22c: pulled,
15@330; Texas, 9@l2c.
Merchandise. •■
PIO IRON— Quiet, weak; American, $11 10®
13 50.
COPPER-lake, $10 76.
AD— Barely steady; domestic. $3 12%.
TIN-Dull; straits. $11 30: plates dull. weak.
BPiiLTEK-Quiet: domestic, 84 10@i 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., March 27.— Wheat was In- \
fluenced for weakness thi3 morning by the fine \
weather, and at the opening and for over one j
hour thereafter prices ruled lower than at the I
close yesterday. About 11 o'clock quite a little j
bulge occurred, the "short 1 sellers having Im
prudently got themselves into a position where
they were obliged to cover just at a time when :
1 offerings were scarce. Receipts in tie Northwest ;
; were fair, but not as heavy as they have ;
been running. They amounted to 392 cars, j
against 509 last Friday. and 337 a j
year ago. Chicago received 12 cars . and in- :
spected out 117,900 bushels." Incidental to the j
advance it was reported that the English Govern-
I ment had issued some important commands to the |
1 army.
Liverpool cables were quit and steady at i/id j
advance. Trade became quiet later, most of the ,
advance disappearing during the inactive period. |
| Closing Continental cables were lower. Export ;
I clearances were extremely light at 81,504 bushels.
i At the close the leeling was weak, ear.y buyers
becoming anxious sellers. May wheat opened i
from 831.4 cto 63i,4@633/ B e. sold between 63%@ ;
64c and U3c, closing at 63VsC bid, s /s c under yes- |
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow twelve j
cars.
CORN— Was In its usual phlezmatic condition, j
responding in a moderate degree to the quicker |
action of wheat, bnt presenting nothing of really j
noteworthy interest. receipts were 261 cars, 26 j
more than expected. There was no corn taken
from store. Liverpool cables • were easy at un
changed prices. Export clearances amounted to
251/2-22 bushels. May corn opened at 295/« c.
advanced to 2934@29%c. declined to and closed
at 29%e. a shade under yesterday. Estimated re- j
receipts for to-morrow, 350 cars. ,
OATS— Were quiet, trading being moderate. At j
the opening prices were easy and lower, but later j
they showed some firmness and recovered the loss, \
bnt the close showed a decline. I Sympathy with
wheat was of course the governing power. Re
ceipts were 210 cars, and 9500 bushels were taken
from store. May closed VB@Vic lower. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 205 cars.
FLAX-Was easy. Cash, 89i4<a89Vic; May,
593/i@9oc; September, 92%@93c. Receipts 3*2
cars.
PROVISIONS— Were afforded relief this morn
ing, the selling pressure being more moderate, and
the demand from "shorts" contributing strength
to prices. The run of hogs was light, and prices
I were up 5c at the yards. Naturally that affected
product favorably. May pork closed 7y 2 (3)10c
higher, May lard !2i/2<&sc higher, and May ribs 6@
7%c higher. ■
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— March, 61^ c; May. 63Vfec; July,
63%@63<j' B e.
CORN— March. 285% c: May, 295/ 8 c; July, 305
@303/ic: September, 3IS/ 8 @31%c.
OATS— May, 193/ic; July, 19 % c; September,
203/ (3 1 20y c.
PORK— May, $8 30: July, $9 07%."
LARD— May, $5 "20; July, $5 35.
RIBS— May, $4 80; July, $4 90.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. In., March 27.— The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light. There was a
fair Friday's demand, and prices were firm and
unchanged. The supply of hogs was small and
snort of expectations. There was a good demand,
and prices advanced sc. The sheep market was
steady. Receipts were not heavy, and the buying
was fair.
CATTLE — Receipts, 3000: fancy beeves,
$4 -25@i 35: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700
pound steers, $3 95@l '20: good to choice steers,
1200 to 1500 pounds. $3 75®3 90; medium steers,
1050 to 1300 pounds, S3 60(&3 70: common steers,
950 to 1200 pounds, $3 4<)(0,3 55; feeders, 800 to
1200 pounds, $3 50@3 90; stockers, 600 to 900,
pounds, $2 85@3 50; bulls, choice to extra, $3@ 1
8 25: bulls," good to poor, $2 40@2 80; cows and j
heifers, extra, $3 50@3 75; cows, fair to choice,
$2 40@3 40: cows, poor to *ood canners, $1 60©
2 3ft: veal calves, good to choice, $4 50@5 40:
calves, common to .good, $3@4 25; Texas fed
steers, $2 90@3 90; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 25@3 25; milkers and springers, per head, $20
(a 40. -
HOGS— Receipts, 17,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 80@3 95: common to choice
mixed, *3 85&4 00: choice assorted, $4 05@* 15;
light, $3 90@4 15; pigs, $3 40@4.
SHEEP — Receipts. 5000. Inferior to choice,
$3 75(<±4; lambs, $3 7534 80.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.— R. G. Dun &
Co. will say to-morrow in their weekly review of
trade: The returns of failures are somewhat dis
appointing. Several of magnitude were mentioned
a week ago, and they have swelled the aggregate
of defaulted liabilities for three weeks of Marcn to
$1 •2.363,614, against $11,271,121 last year. A
heavy failure in Texas will also swell the aggre
gate of returns for the past week, which includes
259 in the United States, against 234 last year,'
and 39 in Canada, against 42 last year.
No important change has occurred in the general
condition of business during the week, and if trade
in some respects looks worse, in other respects it
seems better. .
There have been somewhat less favorable fea
tures In the dry-goods market, but in iron and
steel conditions are slightly improved, and in
boots and shoes . considerably < more hopeful.
Foreign trade is a little more satisfactory. In gen
eral the course of domestic prices tends to favor
the marketing of staples abroad. ' Wheat has
gained about a point, but corn and cotton remain
unchanged. Cotton . had a . lively rise . with the
covering of short sellers, but began to decline
again a week ago, and has been lagging ever since.-
In the dry-goods market the last indications do
not warrant expectations that the mills will con
tinue full production throughout the season. The
demand for women's, dress goods the best feature
of the woolen . markets. The sales of wool have
fallen to less than half an ordinary week's full
consumption, amounting lust week to only 2,926,
--750 pounds at the chief markets. A striking fea
ture this week has been a sale of 350.000 • pounds
of American wool for shipment to England.
The iron and steel markets have disclosed a
similar feature, fora little Alabama pig has been
sold for export. • There has been a little more ac
tivity in steel this week and the Carnegie works
have sold 10,000 steel rails to Japan, but In the
main the market is about as Inactive and insuffi
cient as it has been. ' •
■ There has been no trading worth the name; in
railroad stocks during the past week and scarcely
any in the industrials so that fluctuations in prices
are scarcely worth noting. The earnings of the
railroads have been rather less promising than, in
previous months, averaging only 3.4 per cent bet
ter than last March thus far MM the tonnage from
Chicago, which has so long been much in excess of
previous years, has now fallen | short of the move
ment in 1893. Something is expected in stock ex
change circles from important negotiations which
Mr. Morgan is endeavoring to make abroad. -But
on the whole little is none at present and little ex
pected for . some time to come in the security
market. ' .- ; >:■<::-' ' , - < ; ■ :
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V. t March 27.-Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
March 26, with comparisons, as telegraphed •to
Bradstreet's: / , . • .
r* ■-■-"-. Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec. ■
New York... $502,256,573 1.2"......
805t0n....;........;:... 77:57 > 2.154 \..;;. "'v- 0.1
Chicag0:................ 77,503.703 1.8
Philadelphia...'. 61,487,892 . 2.6
St. L0ui5.........; 82,815 0.3 .."..'..
I'ittsburg .............. 14,5510.264 ; 15.0 ......
Cincinnati.... .......... 11.186.103 5.7 .....'.
Baltimore... 12,097.933 13.1 ......:
San Francisco." 10.873,282 1.8 ......
Kansas City...... 9,119,416 ...... ■ 6.7
New 0r1ean5....... 10.302,853 20.8 ......
Louisville 4,9*1.228 • S.I
Detr0it.................. 6.144.340 ...... 27.1
Minneapolis. 5.159,392- 3.2 ......
Cleveland. 6,031.859 ; 9.3
Pr0vidence.............. 4,540,300 30.1 ......
Milwaukee .•.......;.... -3,760,059 '...'... 1.0
iiidianaoolls 3,606,418 ...... 6.0
Buffalo .......... 5,403,15«3 ...... * 4.2
5t'.Pan1::..........;..:. ' 8,749.326 • 22.2 ......
0maha.'....... 4,::53.07S 32.2 ......
Denver.................. .. V,356,671 - . 3.0 ......
Salt ijikfc....... :...;... 1,051,001, 9.6'
Los Ange1e5... ......... " 1.07 1,019 12.» • .-'...-
Portland. Or.:... ■.'....;: 879,714 ;.;;.... 12.2
Tacomu ;........ . 4"9,711 ....... .....V
Seattle .............. .164,541 r. 20.2 ...:..
5p0kane. ..........: ' 323,412 '..•....'; 6.6
Totals U. &„'.'. :■;„ .. ' $896,859,158 \ 0.9 ' iHT^
Outside- of New YorK ..,,-,. . '.^ ... .st.i
City. .'...;-„;. ........ 304,602,585 0.7 ...V..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
DOMINION OF CAXADA. . •• .
Montreal $8,008 ...... 6.1
T0r0nt0.....:........... 6,497,110 14.8 ;.';.;;.*
Halifax 1,059.636 • '21.0 ...\;..
Winnipeg 98H.169 63.2 ;..:...-
Hami1t0n............... 538,772 13.5 ......
Totals $16,087,220 5.2 ......
NEW \OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. - .■
Money on call has been easy at 3@3i : last
loan at : 3%, and closing : offered at , 3%. Prime
mercantile paper, 5Va96%. Bar silver, 68c.' Mexi
can dollars. 54 V4iu54V3C. Sterling exchange strong,
with actual Lus'uess in causers' bills at 94 87Va
@4 8734 for sixty days ana $4 86V 2 86«/ i.for
demand. Posted rate«.s4 86y 2 roi>4 89V2> Commer
cial bills. 1 4 SoVj'i^ 87. Government bonds dull;
State bonds • steady : railroad tionau lower.: Silvsr
at the board was neglected.
IXOBINB (STOCKS. . .
Am Tel & Cable.... 81' ~ Norfolk & We*:... 1%
Aichlson.. ......... 14% ■'■ Preferred..,,... .. 614
Preferred 2 3 ■ Northern Paclflo.. ■ • ls/ 8
Adorns Express.. .l 47 Preferred. ::...'... w llVa
Alton.TerreHaute. 54 Nortnwestern......l 2i/ 8
American Express. 110 Preferred... i 43y 9
American Tobacco. 87V8 N. Y. Central...;.. »6
Preferred .... 100 N. Y. Chicago<&S.rj 13
Bay BtateOas...... 20 Ist preferred / 5 ;
Baltimore & Ohio,. 18 V » ( id preferred i^oy 3
BrnnawieK I-ancis.. VaX Y.*R H.......1i5
Buflalo, Rochet I* iN. Y.«fcNew Ene. 39 «
Canada Paclilc. . .. 6 > ; <i N. Y. Susq & W... 8y 2
Canada Southern.. 48V2 Preferred 23
Canton Land ...... 60% | Ontarlo ...... ...... 1.1 ,
Central Pacific 14% Ontario Western. 14
Chfs. <£ 0hi0....... 15^4 Oregon lmprovmt. 1
Chicago A1t0n..... 155 | Preferred.........—
PreiMTea.' 170 i Oregon Navigation. ;20
Chicago, H. & <J.... 74% Oregon Short Lin*. 3%
U;ica»o<S E. 111... 41»i Pacific M»u.;...V.. 26%
Preferred ....... 100 ■ 'Peoria. D.Jt Evans. 2Va
Chicag0 015. ....... 3 A Pittsburgh W ptd. 16
Cleve <Jfc Pittsburg.l6o iPullman Pa1ace... 154
Consolidation Coal. iiO Quicksilver « 2%
Consolidated Gas.. : Preferred. 15
C. CC. &Bt. Louis. 35^4 Reading 9%
Preferred ....... 87 RioGrande&WMSO 18
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 1.6 ; Preferred.. 45
Preferred......... 100 Rock Island.. 6914
Cotton Oil Cert.... 15 !RomeWat<feOgd«nll4
Commercial Cable. bt. L.48, W 4%
Del. Hudson . ..... 125% Preferred... ....„ loVi
Uel.Lack&Westernl6l I St. Pau1...... 74V*
Denver<£R.U 12 I Preferred. l'-5V±
Preferred. „ 46 Bt.Paul<fc Dulatn. 24
DißtUlers. 17^; Preferred......... >9
General Electric... 35 St. Paul 4 Omaha, S,Va
trie 14 I Preferred ....123%
Preferred 37% P. M. * Jtt. 109
Fort Wayne .....16U Silver Certincates.. ti&Vi
GreatNorthernDia.loß Southern Pacifla.. 18%
Green 8ay..... */% boutnern A. X..... . 8 3 , i
Harlem 39 D 1 Preferrea. ....... 29V*
Hocking C0a1...... o^gfcugar Rennery..,.ll4V
Hocking Valley... »>>V* Preferred......... 100»/i
Ilomestako SO iTenn. Coal & Iron. 27 V* :
H. & Texas CenU. - s /s! Preferred.. 100
Illinois Central.... 94 'Texas Pacific...... 7%
lowa Central. «Vi '101.A.A.* N. Mien-
Preferred 36y 2 Xol. & Ohlocen.... . 30
Kansas <t Texas. J'-'Vs!- Preferred......... 65
Preferred 25% loI.St.LouUAJCOt 4.
Kingston <t Pern... 3 1 Preferred......... 10
Lake Erie A Wesia 16V 3 Union Pacific 6%
Preferred „ 69 L P.. Den. A Quit . 3
La<e 5h0re... .....145Vi U.S. Cordage 434
National Lead 23»A|- Preferred — 9Vi
Preferred......... 86 • Guaranteed.....^ v 18
Islanu 81 T. S. Express. 43
Louisville Nash. 48%' U. S. Leather....^ 91/s
Louisville Na& Oh. 8 V 4' Preferred „ . 6JI/2
Prelerred.. '20 U.S. RuDber 26
Manhattan Consoi. JO3-Vg Preferred 85 "
Mempnis& Charts. 15 lUtlca &B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... lOV*. Wab. S. L. & Pao.. 63/
Michigan Central.. 93 1 Preferred l*>ya
Idlnn L ;.;...;- — Wells-largo. 9b .
Preferred.....^...— — . Western Union.... 85
Id Inn. & St. L com. 19 Wls Central......^ ■ 3;: ■
lit preferred..... IS V 2 W heeling &L, E.. »3/ 8
preferred b() | Preferred. ..; 32
Missouri Pacific.. 22H Am Cotton Oil pM. 61
Mobile & Ohio 2i%'W.U 8eef ..........;- 8
Nashville Chat:.... 88 (Ann Arbor.... 9
National Linseed.. 17 I Preferred ...25%
K.J. Central 105 Brooklyn Traction. -OVii
North American... 61 -
(ir-xajinx'w.
CP4K.ree ....... 108 MKT2ds .. 67
Do, 4s coupon. | Do, 45.. ......... ..'84%
V 4s new reg..... 1163,4 Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon... lltis/g J Cent Gen 55...11 Hi/4
Do. i 5............ 95 Northern Pao 1151 8
Do, 6s 1131/4 Do, 2da .....IJO%
Do. 5s couDon.. . . 1 1 l Do, 3f15.... 72y a
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Nonnwest Consols. 139
Do, 1897.......... 100 j Do, deb 65........ 108
Da.1898..... 100 O & N lsta 109
Do. 1899... ....... 100 SiLAlronMtGen ss BOV3
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... St LA P Gen 6s. irfii/
D. C. 3-6 65........109 Vi Paul Consols ...138
I Ala Class A 4..... 106 . SUP. C. A Palsts.ll6%
Do. Class B 4, ss. 106 Do. Pao Cal xsts- 1 1 0
j LaC0n50i45........ 97 Southern R. R. Os. 90
Missouri funding..— I Texas Pacific firsts *B%'
1 X Carolina con 65..1v:2V 2 Texas Pac seconds. 22 3 / i
Do, 4s 105 LnionPaclstor»6.lo3Va
! So Carolina 4Va»-.. 106 . West Shore 45..... 10> s 4
1 Tennnewss. 85 Mobile & Ohio 4a.. 67
Va funding debt... 61 R Grande West lsts 75
Do, reg ;.... Ches & O 65. ....... 107%
Do. deferred 6«... 6 Atcblson *».... .... 76%
Do. trust rents at 6 , Do. 2ds A. ._..... 23%
Canada South 2as.. 104 GHAS A6s 105
Cen Pac lsts or '95 100 Do. 2d 7s. ...... 103
Den A G 15t.... .112% H A Tex Cent 55.. 108
-.Jo- ■«••'. 88V2' Do. con 65........ 106%
Erie2ds 71 j Reading 4a 77Vs
Kansas Pa Consols 71% Miuouxi U5. ....... 100
Kb Pa Den dlvlO9
'• - -■ .. --— — .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT : IN I.IVKKPOOI- -.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., March 27.— spot market
is lower at 5s sd. Cargoes dull at 27s 61 arrived.
ITJTOBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the follow! ng
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
5s 4: 3 i: April. Cs 43.4 d; May. 5s 6d; June, 6s
sd; Juiy, 5s sd.
BECUBITIES. .
LONDON", Ess., March 27.— Consols, 109'yi;
silver, 3iy 8 d; French Rentes, lOlt 42yac.
' EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8»
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Fine Silver, ¥ ounce — 68
Mexican Dollars 55% 66
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 20
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week' ending yesterday as compared with 18
for the previous week and 22 for the corresponding
weeK or 1895. The failures for the past weeK are
divided among the trades as follows: 1 harness
and saddlery, 1 bakery, 2 grocers, 1 tanner, 1
manufacturer earthenware, 1 dry goods, 1 jeweler,
1 contractor, 1 merchant tailor, 5 saloons, 1 restau
rant, 1 shirt manufacturer, 2 drugs, 1 general store.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER . GRAINS.
WHEAT— market js dull and featureless.
No. 1, $107%;' choice, $1 08% $ ctl: lower
grades, $I@l 05; extra choice lor milling, $1 15
(a.l 20. . ■
\ CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal, Skssion— lo o'clock— Mar— loo tons
$1 ÜBVB- December— loo, $1 07s/ 8 . *
Regular' Moknino Session- -.December— l9oo
tons. $1 06%. May— 4oo, $1 07%; 400, $1 073/ 8
100, $1 0734; 100, $1 07%. Seller '96, new, stor
age paid— loo, $1 038,4. . , , -...;. «■
Afternoon Sessiox — December — 600 tons,
$1 06%. May— loo, $1 07%; 300, $1 07V*
• BARNEY— Previous prices rule. -Feed, 68%®
71V4c «* ctl; choice, 72%@7 33,4c {i ctl; Brewing,
• CALL BOARD SALES. '
■ Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. :
Afternoon Session — December— 3oo tons,
70% c. ■ .
OATS— There Is no demand of any consequence
at the moment. Milling quotable at 75@82i4c;
fancy Feed, 82%@85c cil: eood to choice, 76@
80c; common to fair, 67%@72%c; Gray. 72%(b*
80c; Red, nominal; Black, nominal; Surprise. 90(3)
95c if! ctl. . : '•-. '\:
■ CORN— market is still flat. Large Yel
low. 9Oc %4 ctl; Small Round do, ; $1; White. 80
@85c %* ctl.
-. R YE- Inactive at 77y 2 @Boc i* ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-86&9&C % ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF9.
FLOUR-Not cash prices are as follows:' Family
extras, $3 75@3 85: Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75 @3 '0 bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 '$ ton. < - 
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham Flour '
2»4c; Rye Flour, 3y*c; ■ Rice Flour. 7%c; Corn
meal, 23/4030; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
33/ 4 c: Oat Groats, 4y 2 c; Hominy, 4<ai4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat. 3%c; Farina,
2 c; whole Wheat Flour, Dc; Rollea oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4y a c; I Split Peas, 43/4 c; Green do,
6V4C %4 lb. ■; ■■-,■,■:. ■''." . :
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. '
■•'-• • - '■ * ■ . . ■-
-BRAN— SI 2 50@13 fi ton.
i MIDDLINGS-$16@17 f, ton .. for ■ lower grades
and $17 50@18 50 ton for the best. --■ ■' : •'■ "-'■
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 if» ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, ; $21 a ton: jobblnc'
$21 50; Cottonseed Oilcake, $21. .. • •,
HAY— No change to report. 'Wheat, $B@ll 50
f» ton: Oat. $B@9: Wheat and Oat. $8@11: Barley,
*7@9: i Alfalfa. $7@9: Clover. $6@B 60; Com
pressed. $7® 10 50: Stock, $6@7 S ton. . >.■ -
STRAW— 3&@SSc bale. - ;!  ;C"
BEANS AND ■ SEEDS. .
.BE Bay os. -': $1' 10@l 20: Small Whites,
$1 25@1 40 fi ctl; Pea,' $1 40@l 60; Large Whites,
$1 10@l>17%; ¥ ctl: Pink. i 9oc@sl^2o:sßeds. <
$1 65@1 90; Ulackeye, : nominal; ; Rea Kidney,
nominal; Limas,s2 25@2 55: Butters, $1 40@l 50,
SEEDS— Erown - Mustard !is . quotable at • fl' 60
©2 1 25 : : Trieste. $2@2 ■■ 50 ft ctl ; Yellow Mustard,
$140@l 60; Flax, $1 70@l 75 ; Canary, 3i/ 4 (a3y 2
•■*4;!b: Alfalfa, B(g)9c ft,; Rape. l?4@2c "«4 lb;
Hemp, 4c «* m:. ■•...-. :.- ..... ;.'.:.,. . /fttt * . ;"
; DRIED PEAS-SI 25@1 40 * ctl \ for 'Niles
and $1 25@1 45 for Green. "; . • ■ ' .
POTATOES, ONIONS, ; VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Oregon desciptions are lower under
the heavy receipts. New },'■ Potatoes \ -•- are quot
able iat l@2c ;ia % Jb; \ Stockton ; Sweets, '^—-.. ''
" Merced Sweets, $2 75@3 V ctl; ' JiaJluaa Burbauks ' |
60<#90c: rtiver Burbanks. 30(540c sacKr Oregon
Burbanks. 35@60c: Oregon Garnet Chiles, 70®
80c; Early Rose, 40(g>50c; Petalumas and
Tomnles, 40@50c.
ONIONS— Are lower. Good to rhoice, 50@»55c
Ctl: Cut Onions, 26@40c- Oregon. 60@85c ij* ctl.
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 1019 boxes
Asparagus and 330 boxes Rhubarb and 303 sacKS
Peas.
Rhubarb and (ireen Peas were higher under
lighter receipts and a good demand.
lSfjg Planr from Los Angeles quotable at 10c lb:
Mexican Tomatoes, $1 75@2 box; Los An pel es
Tomatoes, $i@l 60^ box; Cucumbers, 50(gi75c
%*doz: Asparagus, 50c(&*l 50 i* box for ordinary
and $175 for extra; Rhubarb, 30@73r; Mush
rooms, s@lsc "$ tt>; Dried Peppers, 10@12y 8 c:
Green Peus, 2@3c t* ft: String Beans, *@10c V tt>:
Dried Okra, 12y 2 c; Cabbage. 40@50c "# ctl ; Garlic,
4&5 c p lb; Marrowfat Squash, $30 ton. .
BUTTER, CUEKSK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market continues weak, owinc
to the arrivals beingsoft and out of shape, but fancy
hard Butter (there is precious little of it) will bring
the top quotations.
Cheamkry- Fancy, 16@17c: seconds, 16@15^c
lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 14i/2@lsc lb; good to choice,
14c; lower grades, 12y 2 @13y 2 0.
Kastkrjj— Nominal.
CHEESK— Prices are off somewhat. Fancy mild
new, lie %i lb; common to good, 9@loc^ lb: Cream
Cheddar, 12@12y 2 c: Youns; America, ll@liy s c;
Western, 12(g)l-ji /2 c: Eastern, 13@14c.
EGGU—The market is y-c oft' and weak. Store
Erks, 10@10y a c; ranch Eggs, ll@l^c; Duck Eggs,
15c %i dozen.
POULTRY AND,; GAME.
POULTRY— Receipts were lighter again yester
day, and as to-day is a Jewish holiday there was a
good demand and prices for most descriptions ad
vanced again. Live Turkeys were especially stiff,
being scarce.
Live Turkeys, 17@18cf» lb for Gobblers. 17@18c
ft lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 15(ti>17c: Geese, H*
pair. $1 75@2; Ducks, $4 5Wa)6 50 for old and
S7@B for young; Hens, $4 50@5~&0 'pdoz; Roosters
young, $7(£7 50; do. old. $4@4 50: Fryers. $6@« 60;
Broilers, $6 50@6 for large and $3 6U@4 60 tor
small; Pigeons, $1 75(5)2 for young and $1 25®
1 75 for old.
GAME— Quotations continue nominal, as the ar
rivals are mostly in bad condition. Hare, 60@76c
~i>, dozen; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and 75c<$
ijil %* doz tor small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Stocks are now reduced to a few scat
tering lots. We quote $I@l 25 ?» box for good to
choice, 60<$85c for common to fair, and $1 50@2
for fancy.
BERRIES-Strawberries sold at 50c f( drawer
for large and $1 10@l 25 for small berries. Arrivals
were 7 chests.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges are quotable at
$I@l 50 for Seedlings. $1 50@2 75 for Navels
ami $1 6(%2 50 for Malta Bloods; Lemons, $l<g>
1 50 for common and $2<g2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5 50(o!6 %* box: Bananas, $1 25
(8»2 50 f* bunch; Pineapples. $2@5 %<■ dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The market continues in a
state of complete stagnation. The following nomi
nal prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples. 2(3i2y 2 c ?* lb for quar
tered, 2i/2@3c ft lb for sliced and 41/4 Cf) lb for
evaporated: Peaches, 3V<j@4c 3? lb and 6iA@6c for
fancy; peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7ya(aiSy 2 c
for uiime to cnoice. 91/3 C f or fancy and lOtollo
ft lb ior fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. "V9C for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears. 7c ft
It, for evaporated halves, 4(a>6V'2C Tft lb for quarters:
Prunes, 'd'^fgic; Plums, 4c $ lb for pitted and
1V2W21/2C jor unpitted; Nectarines, s@6c ft tt> f or
prune to choice and 6VaC for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Kvarorated Apples, 4@4y 2 c;
Peaches, 3@4c and 5c for fancy: peeied in boxes, 10
@12y 2 c; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c for 40($50's
and 5c for 50to60's: Apricots, 6@,9V 2 c for prime to
choice, 10,0,1 ;<■ for fancy Mooroark: Figs, blacK,
2y4@23.4c: White Figs. So6c: Pears. 6y 2 c for
evaporated halves and 3(&>5 I /fee for quarters;
Plums. 3'/2@4c for pitted and l(g)iy 2 c for unpit
ted ; Nectarines. 4@sc ft lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as io:io\vs, carload lots, o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(js90c ft box: four-crown, loose,
3 3 /4C ft lb; three-crown, loose, 214 eft lb; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas. 3^4@4e: seedless
Muscatels. 2y 2 &2 3 /4C: three-crown London layers.
70c; clusters, $1 36fa)l 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10
(5.2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 dO@2 75; Dried
urapes, 2V2 C ft lb.
jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2i/4@2y a c: 2-crown, 134(§2c- Seedless Sul
tanns, 38/ 4^j)4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2ysc; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$l: clusters, SI 40@l 50:
Dehesa clicters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotab'e at 6@Bc ft lb;
Walnuts, B@loc for No. 1 hard and 10(<«12<-for pa
per, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6^ii7 1 / <jC for Lansruedoc
and B^@loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 5@
6c for eastern and 3V&(3i4Vac for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 5(3)6c; Pecans, 6c tor rough and 8 ■ for pol
ished: F lberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts. 7i,2@Bcft lb;
Cocoanuts. $4 50(g,5 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ft lb for
bright and B@9c ft B> for lower grades; water
white extracted, &(i£SV2C ft tb; light amher ex
tracted, 4^4(&>434c: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2&3 c.
BEESWAX— 24ft&27c ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— DniI and unchanged. Bacon
is quotable at 6Vic ft lb for heavy, 7V 2 c ft lb
for light medium, 9y a c ft lb for light, IOV2C for
extra light and 12i/ 2 c for sugar-cured; Eastern
I Sugar-cured Hams, Jiyac: California Hams.
lOVoc; Me.=s Beef, $8 ft bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9 ft bbl:
extra clear, *16 ft bbl: mess, $14 ft bbl; Smoked 1
Beef. 10(g.l<H 2 c ft lb.
LARD- Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6ygC ft 1
!b for compound and 8c for pure; pails, S^c; Cali- I
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6V 2 c for pure;
half-bbis, 71.4 c; 10- lb tins, 8c; do 5-tt>, BV4C ft lb.
COTTOLEN E— O^gc in tierces and 734 eft tb in
10- lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c;
culls and brands. 6c: medium. 5y 2 @6c: culls and
brands, 4Va (a- •"><". light, sc: culls and brands, 4c;
Cowhides, 6c ft lb; culls and brands, 4c: salted
Kip. 5c ft lb: salted Calf, 8c ft lb: salted Veal.
6c; dry Hides, jO@11c: culls and brands 7V 2 c;
dry Kio and Veal, 9c: culls, 6Vq(»7c: dry 'calf,
15c; culls. 10c: Goatskins, ?o(a3sceach: Kids, 6c;
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c: medium, l6(iu
25c; winter, 10c: sheepskins, shearlings, lO@
15c each; short wool, 2U@3sceach: medium, 40
11 ."•(>.• each ; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3y 2 @ 4c : No. 2, 3c;
refined, 5y 2 ®534c: Grease. 2y 2 c ft~!t>.
WOOL— \Ve quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9<§llc ft lb; San Joaquin and Southern, 3@6c;
Nevada. 9c.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@sc ft lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bap^, June-July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentin, $4 20: Wool Bags, 2412;26c.
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been eight arrivals from the Coast
collieries with 14,329 tons of Coal, 6693 tons from
Australia. The light arrivals for several days have
served so deplete stocks in yard, at the same time
there is amplo here to satisfy all Immediate re
quirements. Another Coal disaster tooic place a
few days since, caused by the cargo of the bark
Alexandra catching fire; it Is a new grade of
Colonial Coal. There is another cargo of the same
grade now en route. A few months hence wo are
promised shipments of Corral Hollow Coal from
Livermore; it will then be ascertained for what
uses this character of fuel is best adapted. Latest
cabled quotations for Swansea Anthracite for
future shipment show a marked decline, the free
arrivals of tonnage there has caused a shrinkage
in Coal freights: there is also a softening of Co o
nial values for loading several months hence. It
is singular that shipowners should seek this port,
with the present ruling uuotations for grain
freights." Wfllincton $8 ft ton: New Welling
ton. $S ft ton: Southfield Wellington, $7 60 ft
ton: Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant. $5 50: Coos Bay,
$4 50; Wallsend, $6 60; Scotch, $7 50: Rrymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.' - $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $1^ 50 ft ton in sacks.
RICE-Chinese mixed, $3 2R@3 46: No. 1, ?3 60
@3 70ftc:l; extra No. 1, $3 90@4 10; Hawaiian,
$3 50; Japan, $3 65@4 121/fe: Rangoon, $3 10
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kennery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, alieygc; Dry Granulated, SYaC:
Confectioners' A, s*/»c: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C, 434 c: Golden C, 45/ 8 : half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SYRUP-Goiaen, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
ft gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No particular change In any description. Whole
sale rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are
as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6y»c: second quality,
4V 2 @.5c: third do, 3V,@4c ft'lb.
vk Aii— Large, 6@6c: Rmall, 6@7c ft lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6®6y a c; Ewes, 6c ft lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 7@Bc ft lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4y. t «M3/ 8 c ft lb for large and
4y a for small ; dressed do, 4»/4<a)S J > 'aC ft tt>..
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOUBS.
Flour, or. «*• 7,666 Cheese, ctls 112
Washington I.SJU'EKgs. doz 17,910
Wheat, ctls 4,6!>o Quicksilver, naslci -0
Washington 350 Leather, rolls 61
Barley. ctU 3,2 lOi Hides, no 323
Oats, Wash, ctls... 4,29oit*elts.bdls..~ 9»
Beacv sks. 6,046 Wool, bis 3tO
Rye, ctls. 975 Lime, bbls 81
Potatoes. slcs~ 933Klaxseed, Wsh, sk 287
Washington 202 Tallow. ctls 15
Onions, sits 191! Chicory, bbls 60
Hay, ions. 369" Paper, reams 1,650
Butter, ctls 361'liops, Wash, bis.. 100
FAMILY RETAIL MAItKET.
Butter is cheaper. ? Eggs are unchanged.
.Spring, Lamb; is lower. .'Poultry Jis i generally
dearer. 'Fish Is rather cheaper. , . .' / • \' *
■ Strawberries are coming ; in daily now. -. Bummer
..Vegetables '■• are in '■■ ample ;' supply at > about last
.week's prices. - ■ ': • - -
Following is This Call's regular weekly retail
price list:-' " ;-- . J : ; - • ■ ..
; ;-•* ' ; COAL— PKR TON. ■ - ' ' '• ;'
funnel — @10 00 Pleasant Val 9 SO@IOOO I
j Wellington. • — (2,10 00;Southfield ' , : ■
,' New. -Wei-:"-. -.••jV" r Wellington ' — 950
: lington ■ :■*'— ©lo 00 ! Scotch....:.. — <5 950
Seattle i :::;-. . 7 Oo@ 760 i Coos Bay . .; 6 60S ' ■• ■ — '•'
Castle Gate. 8 60^10 00 '' i
• _.' , DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC. . ' ' .'• ' V- -
Butter, fancy, %i ; : t I Cheese, Eastern.. .15@20
.5quare. ;..;.:..;.57®40 Cheese, Swiss..." 20®30
,t10,^r0U:.......3f>® — ; Common Eg«ts..l2y2@ -'■
do. choice 30®32| Ranch Ki:gsljtdzl2y 2 ®lS
Ordlnaryao — I Honey, comb, 14tb.12®15
Cheese, Cal . ;.-.-. 15®— I id 9, extracted.... B®l2
:. {-, ■ MEATS— PKR POUND. .' -" V . ■
8ac0n.:.... ....... .10017 Porlt,fresh.w.. ; ...l2@ls
Beef, ch0ice....... 12(Sl 5 Pork, 5a1t.......... 12015
■ do, good ....... 8010 Pork Chops 12®15
Corned 8eef....... 8® — Round Steak 8010
Ham, Cal... 13015 : Sirloin Steak.. :l2V 2 @ —
• do, ■ Eastern . . . 1 5® — i Porterhouse, d 0 . .. 1 7@20
Lard.:...... M ......i2rd»15 Smoked Beef ®1!S
Mutton ...... ;..;..IC(§ — Pork Sausages.... — ®20
Lamb.-.*..;.-.-;..;;.T.ia@ls' Vea1.:.............10®1S
Spring Lamb.... :;l2@— | ; ; " T ;' ;
.:-•,; : POULTRY AKBfIAMf- :
Hens.each ... 60® 60 Turkeys, It tb.. — @ 20
Young Koost- ■ Ducks, each... 6or»l 00
ers, each..... 75® 85 Geese, each.... 1 76&200
Old Koosters, jPigeons, r # pr.. • 40® 60
each.... 50@ 60 Rabbits, %t pr . . »5@ 40
Fryers, each... . 65® 76: Hare, each.....'; 16® -20
Broilers, each.. 40® 50 1 .": •••■-• ■
■ '."'•■ i :'i. '■-.' ■ FRUITS AND 37T7TS. 1 .
Almonds, & 12®15|Oranges, % .10025
Apples, 1b....... 5® S Pears,^ 1b......... -@10
Bananas, .<$ d0z.. .15020 Raisins, $ lb 5®15
Cocoanuts, each... berries,
Lemons, %i d0z....15@20 if» basket 15®30
Limes, "$ d0z..:.. .10® 16 Walnuts, & tt>...:.15® —
-:'v*:" vkoetarlks. "■
Asparagus. Q 1b... s®lo Mushrooms, $ !b..12@25
Artichokeß,^doz..2s®.So!Mr'fat Squash,^ lb 5(5) —
Beets, 13 d0z....... 12®15'Onions, %* 1b. ...... 2® 3
Beans, white $Üb.!2i/fe(tt s' Peppers, green,?* lb — ®5l»
Colored. tt>...2i/ 2 s'Parsnips, a0z....!5@20
Lima, %* ».....;.. 4® 6 Potatoes, ft !b..... 2(S »
Cabbage, each..... s®lo do, Sweet. lb.. 4(a> 6
Cauliflowers, each.' 5® 8 Rhubarb. 1b... .3© 5
Celery, fc bunch... 6®'— l Radishes.'s3dzbchs.l2@ls
Cress. dzbunchs.2o@26 Sage, $ lb.. ...25@35
Cucumber,fidor-75(ia)l 00 ! String Beans, $ 8.. — (a>ls
Garlic, 'p 1b........ 6® 8 Thyme, tb...:...20@30
Green Peas, «i lb.. 6® —Turnips, "$ d0z...;15@20
Lentils, ty lb 6® » Tomatoes, fitt).... 12®15
' Lettuce, ii d0z....15@20 .
■" i.r", ; ~ : :.: .• . FISH— PKR POUND.
Barracuda ........10@12i5had...... ....10@12
Carp ;. B®lo!Sea Bass.. — —
Codfish .....10®12,.5me1t5.. ........ 12® —
flounders........ ..iora» - Soles ...... ...10® —
Ha1ibut............ 10O12 Skates, each....... 10@15
Herring 10®1215turge0n. ........... — @12
Kingflsh. <a)12iT0mc0a............12@ —
Mackerel —M - Clams, f( ga1....... — ©15
' do, Horse — —'Do, hardshell, it
Perch..:. ...;....... 10®—! 100. :. ■......:..... 50® —
PomDano.. —^a — Crabs, each 12@15
Kockflsh 15fd» — Do. softshell, W dz.25®35
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® — Mussels, $ qrt. 10®15
Salmon, fresh 12® — Oysters, Cal,s 100.40® —
5hrimp5.:.........: B®loiDo, Eastern, f) dz.2s® —
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were lower again yesterday and the mar
ket exhibited no features worthy of comment.
./ On the Stock and Bond . Exchange Edison Light
and Power sold nt ?107@108 and Ban, Francisco
Gas at S3E@BS%. The sugar stocks were steady.
■'Challenge Con. is assessed 15 cents. . . ,
: The Andes delinquent assessment sale will . be
held to-day. ." . . ,"■;;
The California Wine Association has declared its
second dividend, at the rate of $1 26 per share, pay
able March 31. . ■: :
In the Chollar mine. In the stope above crosscut
2, 450 level, and the south drift from it they are
assorting old fillings on the sixth floor and saving
the bunches of pay in places lying to the west of
the old stope. In the south stope near the old
J'otosi shaft they are opening to the south on some
fair-grade ore and turning over the old fillings at
■ that point, from which they are able to save about
half as pay. On the 100 level the south drift from
west crosscut 2 has been stopped, the face remain
ing in low-grade materia'. They saved during the
past wees 54 tons and 800 pounds of ore, the aver
age topcar sample of which was 840 66, silver cal
culated at par. .
In the Fotosl mine . the raise from the south
drift, 450 level, has been extended 7 feet and is
now up 84 feet, at which point it = has been tem
porarily stoprel. and are now engaged in opening
another compartment, to the east, with the Inten
tion of ultimately connecting it with the south
drift on the -tunnel, level, now being opened. -The
top of the raise shows the same vein matter re
ported last week, except thui the quartz bad given
place largely to clay. ; The 'vest drift on ' the 600
le.-fl lias been repaired and reiimbered fora total
distance of 338 test from the shaft. On the tunnel
level they are making good progress in the re
pairs of the south drift, and have completed 200
feet. ■;. i ;;; •________■ : ■■ ■■ ■%'%': . -.-.
BOAKU. SALES.
Following were the sate* In the Baa Franclsoa
BtocK Board yesterday: . ....
KM.ri.AR MORNING SESSION COMMENCING 9:30.
200 Aloha ..09 100 Crown Pt.46|300 0cc1dt1....87
700 Belcher.. .'2B 300 .... 47 800 Savage.. ..37
200 8u11i0n.... 09 300 Mexicn..;.64 750 S Nev....68
100 1.651100 Mono 19 60 Uni0n. ...87
1200 C P0int.. 46|200 Occidtl....Bß 400 V Jackt...4O
i . . ' AFTKRNOON ; SESSION— 2:3O. , :,• *- s ;
500 A1pha..... 08 400 CC&V...1.60 250 Potosi .....40
600 A1ia........ IK 100 C Point. . .42100 Nev 67
600 Anc1e5. ..,.31)100 ............43:600 Uni0n.:. .65
100 Betcner...2s -'00 Mexican. .s2loo Utah. .....08
200 .... .......2411200 0ccid....85 400 V Jackt.:.3B
100 b & is. ...66| -..s .•• ■■" •■-■-■•;> . I • : ; . ;.. - • •
? Following were the sates In the Pacllio Stoolc
Board yesterday: ..
,: KEiiIT.AH SESSION— IO:3O.
700 Alpha 091200 C P01n1..48i400 0ph1r....1.20
200 Aim....... 17 700 ...... 47:300 Ovrmn... .14
| 300 Andes... ..31 400 48200 Potosi ....41
I 600 8e1cher....27 600 44 700 Savage 36
! 500 ...:. .26300 0 <fc C Scorpion..os
; 300 BAB ..67 500 ..: 30 400 8 Bdt M...08
200 80die.....291600H&N 1.17141260 3 J5ev....69
600 Clial!nst...33'llOO 1.15.700 68
200 ........... 341400 Ju1ia...... .05 4UO ............67
200 ...... ......32 400 Justice;. ..ll 400 Union C...
400 Ch0nax....46200 Kentuck:.O6 300 .■....'......68
400 C C 4 V..15 8 500 L Wash.:..os 200 .......... 69
100 Court 94:600 Mexican.. 63 300 Utah 09
60 ........... 92 200 0ccid.:... 88 400 YJacicet..4O
10CO Con 1mp.02 900.... ........ 300 .......... .41
900Cr0nPt...45'
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2:3O. .
300 A10ha..... 081250 CCV......15/ 8 !400 Occidtl:...Bl
500 Alta 18100, .... 1.601500 0ph1r1.17%
200 Ande5... ..31 20OC Imp 01 400 0vrmn....14
100 .......... ;.30200.. -...-.. r.v::02 300 Potosl 40
300 8e1cher....26 C P0int....42 200 Savage... .3s
200 ...........24 700 ............43|500 Scorpion..o4
200 B <fc 8.....66 6000& C......30 200 S 8&M...07
200 ..... 651200 ..:... ......29 1000 ..........08
100 80die.....29 1 30011«fcN... 1.15,300 3 .N0v. ...67
400 8u1wer.... 08200 .......1.17% 200 ;..;.-. .....66
100 8u1wer.... 33 200 Justice....! 1 200 .............65
300 Caleda 091100 Kemck....06J400 Union.. 66
200 Challnee..3l 500 Mexican.. 32 2oo ...... ...:.65
300 Chollar... .47 200 M0n0..... 1/300 Utah ...... 08
400 .. ......... 46 600 Occd 85:400 V Jacket.. 39
300 ....... 45300 .......... ..84200 ........... .38
100 Conn" .... 92600 ....„;. 821
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. : ;■■ FRIDAY. March 27-4 f. v.
Si>f.A*l<f(l.\ -'■': ' ' ' Bid. A Iked.
• Alpha Con-.... 08 09 Jackson. .40 —
Alta. 15 17 Julia. ......;. — 06
Andes 30 31 Jnstlco.. — 11
8e1cher........ 24 25 WentucK. ...... 05 .. 06
Best & Belcbee. 65 6 13; Lady Wash.... 04 05
80d1e.... ...... 27 29 Mexican 61 62
BentonUon.... 20 25 Mono .......... 10 —
Bullion 08 10 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bnlwer » 32 34 Occidental SO 82
Caledonia.;.... 07 08 Ophir ....... 1.15 1.30
Challenge Con. 30 . 31 1 Overman ...... 13 .15
Ch01iar......... 45 46 I'otosv ......^ 49 41
Con. CaL & Va. 1.60 I.6s>av»ge ....... 34 ,35
Cuu. Imperial. 01 02 teg. Belcher... 06 - 08
Confidence 90 <.-. — : (Sierra Nevada. 66 > —
Con.New 03 04 Scorpion....:.. OS 05
Crown Point... 43 44 Silver Hi 11...-; 01 ; 02
EaatßierraJ<e» — 04 Syndicate. ... —02
Exchequer..... 04 05 Union C0n..... 64 65
Eureka C0n.... — 25 Utah...... ,07 08
l.oi;lU A Curry. -28 30> Yellow Jacket. 38 41
H&le<3t*iorcM.l.ls 1.201 .
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
- Sales ■ this morning were . 200. shares Amalfe at
?13 50, 4500 shares Grant at 42c to 45c. 700 shares
Savannah at 32c and 1300 shares Thorpe at 91c
t093c... -.■-■ ■■ '. : ; -■. . : .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
 • FRIDAY, March 27-2 p. m.
. riCITKK STATICS BONDS.
Hid. A iked. Sid. Atked.
D B4scoup..lOKV4 — U8 4s reg... 108 V* —
Do, new 15... — : 117%
MIKOKT-HNKOrs BIN-DI
Cal-stCbless.lloi4ll3 Wo. 2d lss fis. — — .
CalElecl,6s.lll — jI" & O By 6s. 103 130
Cntra C W 6s. — 95 Va PA Ch Xv 6s. — 10«
Dpnt-st ex-cp 77 95 Pw!-st.RR6s. — 116%
EdsnlAftP 65.H2 — Reno. WL&L — 105 .■
F&CH KK6s. — lOsi/> BlverW Co6s -— ; 100 ~—
Gearv-stßss.lO2Vi — . PactoP A . 100 • ."102%
LosAn«JL6s. — 101 6F&NPKRS«IOI%IO2
Do.Unted.6s. - 105 bPRK Ariz 6s « — ,-. 84 ,
Jikt-stCble6sl23 - ' 6PKRCaI6s.. 107Va — ■
DoKyConss..lo6 :'- 107 '■.'■- SPiVKCaIOs- — 97%
KevCNgß7s. 99 Vi • 99% Si'BrßCal6s. ? 96V4100
N PCRR 6s. 103i,i — • BVWater6s.. — 120
NRy Cal 6s. — 105 • bVWater4s._ 99% — ■
>* Ry Cal ss. — 3r — •-.■ Htkin(;*E6i — ; 102%
Oak Gas 65.. 100 104% 6uns:T<feT6s. 100 ■ ;:->-<
Do. 2d las 104 — BuUer-stßss. 110% - — ,'►
Omnibus 65.. li') — ■' ViaalUWCb* — 9*i
PacßollMb*.. — ; — • ; •
WATKB STOCKS.', '' H - .-
Contra Costa — 60' j Ban Jose 75 '100'
\ M arln C 0 .... 49 - '■ |Bprlng VaUeylOO %
,'■ '_. ..'.' .■ ; , . , «A« STOCKS. . ..:..■ ; ' .•,■■.'■ ■
Capital! ......— ■' 40 : ■; | Pacific Light. — 45
Central.. 05 ■—'.': San trancsco 84 Yt 851.4
OakGL&H. 61 — Stockton..... — 21%
I'acUaslmp. 82% 83 r |
.' ikhuhanck STOCK*. : '. ■*■?.
FlremansFd.l7o — |Sun ....-40 ; —
. '; . COStMKBCIAI. BANK «Tf>rK*. . .
AmerBATU. — — ' il^ondonP&A: 128 )} 130 '
! Anglo-Cal ... 160 '-'! 65 London&SF. —-( 27%
Bank of Cal. . 237 -■■'—■: Merch Ex.... li ', —
CiUSDATCo.. 57% 60 Nevada — "—,-
FixatNatlonl.l7B 182% Bather o*. — ; —
Grangers;. .'. "— , '■■—.:, \\ '/."""" ~' .:.' -\.;^-,
'.■:.ij' '•■-' .' ■ HAVINGS BANK STOCK*. ■ i
GerS&lX3o;:l42s — ' gavALoan.. — '103%
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security....- - " 260
Mutual. •.;.■.• 37 40 Union TruM. — 830
KFSavUnlon>."— 486 ;'.';. " "
' .' ' SIRKVT RAILKOAD 'TOCKI .
California.... 107% :. — .■«■ iOafc.SL.tHaf — - - 100 ";...
Geary-st. J ....:60 7' % Presidio — ' 15
Market-st..- 47V* — iSutter-5u..... ; — —
V' ■■'. i/ ' POWDKB STOCKS. - - '/ : »
Atlantic D... 15% )6%;Jndson — : —
CTlifornla.... ; —-;J 98 -r. iVlfiOXlh ■ 40c - 76c ':;
0 u.....::;>7 ib%' /
• '• MIOCZI.I.ANjronB STf>ClC^. ,■- . .
Alaska Piers. 92 OceanlcSSCo 17>^ 18 r
BlkDCoalCo. - 30 PacAuxFA.. 1 _- -
CaltotMills.. — - Pac Bom.- 08 100
nrv Docic — ' — Pac I & Co. .:■ — 80 •
Edison Ll^hi: 106 107%^cBoUMlU ;42y 8
Gascon - - i^rtPalntCo. -63 oVf*
Ger Lead Co. H2\4 - l?* 0 0 ,* m *
HawCftSCO- 18V 8 IS%!PacT&TCp 60 -
HntchSPCa. IBV2 18%;SunsetT& T.. 41 -
JudsonMfgC. — J - United C*. - -45
UerExAasalOO 110 I ./;:.
--' ■■;■:■•■■ '••■"-.. MORNING Biuwiov. . ll .^--.'".'_~
Board-50 Edison XlshfVfeiPower Co,108::10
Market-st Railway, 47%: 26 S F G»sHKlrt, |s. 25
Bonds. y |a7/ 8 ';°$5000 S F & Tp 2 Hallway Bonds,
"rlet-i5 Edison Lleht A Power. Co : 60
LP & A Bank, 12fy a ; $10,000 SV 4% Bonds, 100.
 AFTKRKDON- 8K3310V. ._-. V __
Board-25 Edison- Light & rower Co. 10 7: 50
Hawaiian Commercial, I8V2; '° I <L a . n L c "aoii^
18; 25 Pacific Gas Imo, b6, 82y*; 5 . d0. ,8-Vi,
70S F Gaslight, 85y a ; 45 do, 851/41 15 S V
Water, lOOVi- . ■ ■■- .--
Street— 2.H Fireman's Fund Ins, 175.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Francis J., Charles A., Francis V., G ">%}%*•
and Emmet V. Sullivan, Belle S. Turner (nee Sul
livan) and Henrietta- a. Harris (nee .^"'y ,?.^
Sullivan Estate Company, lot on E line ° , eb
ster street, 120 N, of Page, N. 17 by E 137 •«•
? Gabriel Cohn to Max M. Conn, lot on E line of
Lyon street, 82:6 Bof Greenwich, 55.1, &
110:3%. N 55:1, W 108:3%;-»10. l o , . „■
• Eugenia C. Schuller to Mahlon B. Sturges, lot on
SE comer of Oak and Lyons .streets, » 25 by &
■ Susie b.'winckelman to Samuel Moreen stern,
lot of N line of Fulton street, 131:3 E. of Lott, n.
25 by Bolide Matbilde Rohde.lot commencing
W. W. Rohde to Mathildeßohde.lot commencing
at a point 100 E of the NE corner of saint Roses
avenue and Boyce street, E 20 by -N 25; $1. •■
Pacific Bank to Henry Wadswortb, lot on N line
of Washington street, 211:9 Wof Cherry p > %
deg. E 257:10, W 136:1, S % deg., W 257:10. Ju
M. Morgenthau Company (a corporation) to
William H. and Margaret Nolan, lot on E line of
Hampshire street, 222:6 S of Twenty-first, 8 25
by E 100; $10. . •".
- A. T. and Sarah T. PeDebsky or . Penebeskey or
Penebskey to Charles S. and Mary E. Nathan, lot
on W line of Mason street, 45 S of Green, S 25 by
W 137:6; $10. , --- , „ „
Charles S. and ' Mary E. Nathan to J. B. Pene, |
same* $10.
I Mary J. Murphy to Scott S. and Fannie Simon, j
lot on E line of Morris avenue, 150 S of Harrison ,
street, S 25 by E 80: $10.
• Wesley B. Harker to Charles S. Harker, lot on |
SE corner or Kansas and Army (Colus*) streets, &
200 by 5 433; $10. , .
James L. and Louise Holland to Frederick ana
Amelia Jacobsen," lot on E line of De Hara street,
60 N of Twenty-third (Nevada) , N 25 by E 100;
$450. ■
Antolne and Grade Borel to John K. and Mary |
Atkinson, lot on HE corner of ' Lake street and ;
Twelfth avenue, E 32:6 by is 100: $10.
Adolph Sutro to Angel L. Diaz, lot 22, block
224; $10. . .
W. H. Davis and Dennis Jordan to Thomas W.
Kennard, lot on E line of West Twenty-sixth
street, 27d S of Point Lobos avenue, S • 10, E
176:10, N\V 10, W 163:10. quitclaim deed; 81.
•Thomas W. and Mamie K. Kennard to J. W.
Stobener. lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
275 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 150 by E 140; *10.
Phoebe C. John C. and Matilda I*. Laws, Georgi
ana M. Beal (nee Laws) and Esther L. Howard
(nee Laws) to Emma J. Battelle, lot on S line of
Q street, 96 E of Twentieth avenue, E 20 by Si
115; $10. ■-- -
Frank and Mary E. Jones to Thomas L. Hender
son, lots 2, 3, 4, block B, Spreckels subdivision,
blocks A, B and D, Park Hill Homestead 2; $10.
Sarah Kelly to Joseph P. Cassidy, all interest in
lot on NVV line of Cnenery street, ; 188 NE of
Mateo, NW 100 by NE 25; $10.
Wells. Fargo & Co. to 'ihomas D. Barnstead, lot
on sW line of "West avenue, 275 SE of I'atton, SE
'25, SW 101:8, N 26:6. NE 106:10, Holly Park:
$10.
i Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
•Spllvalo to Charles Carr, undivided half of lot on
BE line of Minerva and Capital streets, E 100, N
125. E 60, S Us. E 60, N 250, W 200, S 250, block
t>, Kailroacl Homestead Association; $10. -.
Abram K.iidt to Joslab Knidt.lot on W corner
of Ocean-House road and Bauer street, NW 125:6,
SW 127:5, E 179:1, Academy Tract; $300.
' Hattie Foster to Laura H. Me Williams, lot on S
line of Lizzie street, 70:6 W of California avenue,
35 by W 4:6; $5.
ALAMKDA COUNT'S.
James E. and Annie E. White to George Hol
croft, lot on 8 line of Haskell street. 325 E of San
Pablo avenue, E 25 by S 127.25. being lot 50, re
subdivision of a portion of block I) and E line of,
Carrison Tract, subject to a mortgage for $1190,
Berkeley; $10. -
A. B. Berry (enardian of estate of Fred Berry) to
Thomas Hart, undivided half interest in lot on N i
line of William street, 100 E of Campbell, E 25 by
N 100:7. being lot 18, block 499, Gibbons property
at Oakland Point, Oakland; $575.
Adaline B. Berry to same, undivided half interest
in same, Oakland; $575.
Charles and Elizabeth P. Lowel to Sarah F. Hill,
lot on E line of Tenth street. .loo S of Delaware, f»
60 by E 135, being lot 20. block 80, Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
East Oakland; $10.
Louis J. and Ida M. Romer to Sarah A. McKee,
lot on S line of Mariposa street, 202.18 X of Grove,
E 40, S 12975, W 40.02, N 1 28.92 to beginning,
being lot 10, block 4, McKee Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10. - -• '.v : -- ..
Emil G. A. Arps to Nathan Mansfield", lot on S
line of Parker st., 175 Wof Fulton, W 60 by S 135.
being lot 8, block 1426, Blake Tract, maps land
2, quitclaim deed, Berkeley: $1. . • . .'. .
Columbian Mutual B. and L. Association to Net
tie I. Bush, lot on N line of Blake street, 288:6. E
of Ellsworth; W 39:6, N 134:6. E 39:6. S 134:6
to . beginning, , being the E 39 V 2 feet of lot 18,
block A, Leonard Tract, Berkeley: $10. ■
Kittle H. Judrt to • Simon P. Davis, lot on 8 line
of Eagle avenue, 103:6 Wof Willow street. W 52
by S 147:6. beine'lot'll, block 12, subdivision of
blocks 1,2, 3, 12, 13 and 14, lands adjacent to En
cinal. quitclaim deed,' Alameda; $10.
Matilda A.Daly to Mary E. Burns.lots 40 ana 41,
block A, Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10. -.-- • y- - . ■ - '-" :<■ ' i •
Lydia and Soloman F. Hubley to Adolph
Schwinn, lot on S line of West Seventeenth street,
55 Wof Cypress, S 104:9, W 5, N 104:9, E 25,
lot 15: block 603 D, Bagge Tract, Oakland; $10. v
Halla D. Hubbard (wifeof B. S., formerly Smith)
to Joseph H. Potter, lot on W line of Pine street,
35 N of Seward, N 60 by W 95, portion lots 21 and
22, map plat and subdivision of block 402, Oak
land Point, Oakland; $1800. . .
■ Serril and Mary B. . Winsor to R. P. M. Greely,
lot on NE line of East Twenty-second street, 200
NW of Nineteenth avenue, NW 100 by NE 140,
block 72, Northern Addition to town of Brooklyn:
$10. , ■ ■■- ■'■-■ .
Marian F. and Frederick W. Delanoy.to Mary F.
Delanoy, undivided two-thirds of lot on NE corner
of Grand street and Encinal avenue as widened, E
100 by N 45, Alameda: gift.
I Mary F. Delanov to Marian F. and Frederick W.
Delanoy, undivided two-thirds of same, Alameda:
gift. ■■■-. .-■.■■-■■■■■■■■-'■ ■ . ■■•■ ■
. A. B. Spalght to N. M. Neilson, lot ,on N line of
Central avenue. 292:1 2-10 W of Sixteenth street
(Third avenue), W 48:8 2-10 by N 106:3, Ala
meda: $300.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to John and
Hedvig Pargquisl. lot on W line of San Pablo
avenue, 127 N of Cnanning way, N 25 by W 136,
being N 25 feet of lot 14, block 121, corrected map
of Raymond Tract, Berkeley: $5, ■■'; •
• ■ Edward E. and Susan A. Potter to ' Ercole and
Melissa Negroni, lot 45, map of Potter - Tract,
Berkeley; $10. :. ■• .. .
Margaret Hansen (wife of Frederick) to W. A.
Clark, lot on SE corner of Derby and Dana streets,
N 44:10, E 125, S 44:10, W 125, lot 18, block M,
Leonard Tract, quitclaim deed. Berkeley: $1. -v
.'Thomas Lindsay to J. B. Chenoweth et al. (as
trustees of Higgins M. K. Church), lot on S line of
Hopkins street, 34 E of Fruitvale ; avenue, S 108.
E 80, N 58 to SW.line of Champion, thence NW
along Champion to S line of Hopkins, W to begin
ning, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $10.
'-.. • Everett D. and ■' Eugenic -J. • Jones to George
Roeth, lot on SE line of : First avenue, 100 SW of
Fast Twelfth street, SW 25 by SE 150, blofck 27,
Clinton. Oakland: $5. . - -. ;
' Mountain View Cemetery Association to Charles
H.King, lot 5. plat 35, ~ said cemetery, Oakland
Township: $982. ■ . . .'.• •
. Mrs. E. Boes to N. Rasmussen, lot 6, block D,
Golden Gate Tract, subject 10 morteai'^ o Oakland
Loan and Investment-Company for $700, also sub
ject to contract for deed given to Nls N. Noken, j
Oakland Township; $10.. .. .
■:.. Theodore and Ida Wagner to Anton and Pauline
F jalkowsky, lot on S line of Bancroft way, 50 E of j
NE corner of block 124, thence E 40, S 100. W 40, |
« 100 to beginning, being portion of lots 2 and 3,
block 124, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley; $10. . !
Builders' Contracts.
>■ Martin . Meyer with Joseph Bucher, to build on
SW corner of McAllister and Lyon streets: $5630.
-' Emille Buman with ■ Ira W. Colburn. to build on
W line of Devlsadcro street, 50 from McAllister;
$3340. .: : ■.■■.?':■,! -■;-/-•-> ...■-..■■- ■- ,->.-" - .
E. R. Lilienthal with W. L. Holman, elevator,
on S line of Steuart street, near Mission; $1500. .
THE CALX CALENDAR.
'"■.*- : V, ' , Ma-reft. 1896. ■■.'"''
So. Mo. Tu. W. Th. 1 Fr.l Sa. j Moons Phases.
/I 'a- 3 .<*' 5 6 7 ! ffM^ast Quarter.
_\^ March tf.
!-?i :' 9 10 i l ' 12 13 ' 1* ' gg. New Moon.-
-_. , -i^L_ ' * ' ' I ' ■"' ' ' W.* March '. 1 4*
15 16 17 18 18 20 21 „, _--'-
- . . . /*^\First Quarter
T— ■ : : : \JJ March 22.
22 23 24 25 26 27' 28 • ~T
-'• ■"• '•'■- ' : _^_ _^1 43viJFull Moon.
29 30 31 | " >«/.■ March 28.
- OCJL.AN. SSXKAiiiJiKS.
'Rom
6TRAMKR. ! )> -ISTI VATJ.O.S |
SAIL).
i niR.
San Bias.:.',
«i Paauv:.; ;
Queen
;Farai ion :::.*.
C mat ilia
Peru.... ..V.
Corona
P0m0na.....
H0mer......
A rn«0. ......
Weeott .....'
Eureka ■..-;.:
Alameda....
isunol 1....".
Del Hone ..
State of | Ca;
Cants Kosa..
ABlanchani
Cltyl-uebU,.
| Panama. .\.;~ Mch28.12.M
'NewDort V..vr. ; Mch^B. 9am
Portland..;...: Mch2».loAii
\ aaulna Bar.. Mch'J9, 9am
Vie dt Pet SnJ Mch3o. 9am
China it Japan Me!; M), Hpm
San Diego .'..; Mch3U.llAM
HnmboUltßay JMch3o. ■ '2pm'
Coos 8ar.:'.... Mch3l. ' spm.
Coos Uav.....: Apr. I.loam
Eel River...:. 'Apr 1. SJam:
New-Don ■.".*.'.*..■ Apr: 1. Vau
Sydney Apr 2, -2rji
Grays Harbor. Apr,i2.-2pM i
Haroor Apr 2. 4pm
Portland... ... Apr 3.10 am
Pan Dleeo ;/. . Apr I S.I lam
Portland ■ Apr > 3. 10am
Sic&i'gc ana Apr 4, » am
Pier 11 v
Pier 34 1
Pier a > 1
j Pier 9 3
PS* S3
I Pier 11 ;
1 Pier 9 f .*'•■
' Oceanic
i Pier 18
I Pier 13 1
Pier lit'
Oceanic I
I Pier 2 -■
Pier 31
i Pier 11 f
i Pier 13
1 Pier 9 ~
STKAMTSKS TO AKKIVE.
orona
ustralia.
osta Rica
an Mateo
rnclcee.... ;;.:.'.
i'eeott .:".;.*..
0m0na... '..:..-
-.rcata
un 01...
/illa-metteVai.
lureka
raco
lomer
rescent City. ..
itv of Everett
Hyof l'nebia. .
tateof Cal
outh Coast
■ San Diego
I H0n01u1u.. ..............
; Departure Bay ......
C0ra0x:.:....'............
I Ti11am00k..........
Eel River...;...:........
fiumboidc Bay
Coos Bay ............... .
Grays UarDor....
■ Mexico
! Newp0rt................".
Coos .8ay ......;.........
Coos May...
; Crescent City.;. .........
Nanarmo
! Victoria <£ Fusee bound
1 I'ortland ............... .
, P0rt1and..:..............
'Grays Haroor ............
sun Dieg0.. ..............
San Diego .....
Portland... ...
1 Newport. ...:
Portland..
Panama.....
..Alch2B
..Mch2B
..Mch2«
..Mch -.'8
..Mch29
.-.Mch*J»
..Mch29
..Mch 20
..Men 30
..Mch 30
..Mch 30
..Mch 30
..Mch 30
..Mch 30
..Mch 30
..Mch 31
. Mch 31
..Mch 31
..Mch3l
..Apr I
..Apr 1
..Apr 2
..Apr 3
..Apr 4.
el Xorte
antaKosa.
bu Benito
HceßlancuarJ
i ram
neen
cauulco
i. .Apr 4
SUN, BIOON A3SI* TIDIS.
■ V. 8. Coast and Geodetic Scrvky Tidk")
BOI.IiKTIN,PUBT,ISHBD BY OFFICIAL >-
Authority of tub Sufkrintkndrnt. )
Saturday, March 28.
Son rises.. ......6.58[M00n rises......
Sunsets ..6.32|M00n sets 6.19 am
March— lß96.
Tlme |Feeti
L \V|
jTime
:h w
Feet j I^l l Feet
L.-W
;Tlme
SI
A
1
9
.-!
I 4.641 0.3
I 5.38 -0.1
IH W Feet
O.OL 5.2
0.34 5.3
1.12 5.2
1.54 5.2
2.43 5.0
111.08 6.1
,12.05 5.0
L W Feet
6.20 -0.2
7.14 —0.3
8.07 —0.3
! 9.08 —0.4
1 10.1 2 —0.4
IS? Bra ■"•
H W Fret L W jvec
104 4.8 6.28 1.2
2.06 4.5 7.08 1.7
3.20 1 4.0 7.48 1.8
4.42 3.8 8.38 2.2
6,06 3.6 9.48 2.7
Not*— ln the atwve exposition of the tides tin
•arly morning tides an» given in the loft hand
oolumn, and the successive tides of the d»y in th«
Order of occurrence as to time. The second tlmo
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
j when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
| occurs. The heights given ar« additions to the
! soundings on the United States Coast Survey
| charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is aubtractiva
!. from the depth eiven by the chart*
HYDKOtiBAPHIC BIILLKHM.
Branch Hydrooraphic 1 Offick, TJ. 8. N. -^
MBRCnAXTS' EICHAVHU.
San FRANcrsco. March 27. 1898. >
Th» time ball on Telegraph HiU was dropp«i
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the l'2oia
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtelkr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SbIFFIXG INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
| .'V , ;; i^, FRIDAY. March 17.
Br stmr Coptic, Lindsey, 22 days from Hong-
Kong, via Yokohama 13 days and 15 rain; pass and
mdse, to O & OS S Co.
I' Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaquina
Bay, via Port Orford; pass ana mdse, to Meyer A
Akmann. „
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 35 hours from Hue
neme: produce, to H Dutard. '"
Stmr i Westport, : Jacobs. . 41 hours from Cres
cent. City: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 8-1 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct. »
Simr National City. Andresen, 23 hours from
Eureka, lumber, to C A Hooper A Co. .
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 21 hours from . TJsalj
221 Mft lumber, to Usal Lumber Co.
Bark Martha vis. Soule, 18 days from Hono
lulu: sugar, to Welch & Co. :
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 8 hours , from Point
Reyes: 60 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co.
■ Schr Joseph and Henry. Chrlstensen, 11 days frm
Coquille River; 135 M ft lumber, to 0 F Doe.
Sobr Lillebonne, .Hansen, 12 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S E Slade Lumber Co. Saasa
lito direct. ■■■ ■ ■ . ■ .■■■>■.
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordlinir. 36 hours from
Timber Cove; 38 cds wood. 2000 posts, to R A
Gilbrtde&Co.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 36 hours from West
port; 3600 railroad ties, to J S Klmball.
; - Cleared.
FRIDAY. March 27.
■ Stmr St Paul, Duggan, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins Co.
• Stmr Dora,' Hansen, Sitka; Alaska Commercial
Co. •
Sailed.
FRIDAY, March 27.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bragg.
Ship Yosemite. Fullenon, Tacoma.
I bark J C Pfluger. Fangmeyer, Punta Arenas.
Bark Aureola, Dahlero, Columbia River.
§jif3|)§ Charter*.
The Russian bark Behring loads mdse for Kamt
cbatka; bark Ferris S Thompson and schr Nep
tune,' cannery supplies for Alaska; : schr J M Col
man, mdse, for Nicolaepski; Haw stmr Kabul ul,
mdse. for San Jose de Guatemala ; bktn S N Castle,
mdse lor Honolulu. ._ "-.. > v .'j. '■•..'
Teleeranhlo. ■
. POINT LOBOS. March 27—10 p. it— Weather
cloudy, wind NW; velocity 14 miles.
Domestic Ports.' '■
TATOOSH— Passed Mar 27— Stmr Mineola, fm
Cortiox, for Port Los Angeles; Br stmr Wellington,
hence Mar 24, for Nanalmo. .",
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Mar 27— Schr C. 8
Holmes, for San Pedro.* \ '
SIUSLAW RlVEß— Sailed Mar 24— Ralph
J Long, S Danielson and Mayflower, for San Fran
cisco. •••.•■-_>■■■•'.■ ' • ■■■■•-.'■"..'■ :>7 r -•.-.'.-.
Arrived Mar 24— ScbrConflanza, hence Mar 14.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 27— Stmr Pomona, hno
Mar 26; schr J G Wall, hence Mar -22.
bailed Mar 27— Stmr Lakme, for Seattle; schr
Mary Buhne. . ■ . ••• ■■--■ ■-■■•.
TACOMA— Arrived Mar 27— Stmr San Benlto,
hence Mar 24. = ,-' * : .-••■""• ><■■■ ■■■.
UMPQUA— SaiIed Mar 26— Schr Beulan, for San
Francisco. I ■"•"-■ - ■"'.'■ ■ '■'■■
POINT ARENA— Balled Mar 27— Stmr Albion,
for Fort Bragg. .. V. : ;■••
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 26— Stmr Navarro,
from Redondo: schr Meteor, from Port Gamble.
CASPAR— Mar 27— Stmr Jewel, hence
Mar 26. - \-. : '^z
. . TATOOSH— Passed Mar 27— Stmr San . Benito,
hence Mar 24, for Tacoma." ' .-•• ■-'. , ■ :
COOS BAY- Arrived Mar 27— Stmr Arago. hence
Mar 25. ; ,
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 27— Stmr Jeanle, from
Alaska. 7 . , - •.
GRAYS HARBOR— Mar 23-Schr J M
Weatherwax, from Santa Barbara. , Mar 27— Schr
Cbas R Wilson, hence Mar 20; bktn North Bend,
hence Mar SI. •
SOUTH BEND— Mar 27— Schr Id* Mc-
Kay, hence Mar 21. ■ ■
HUENEME— SaiIed Mar Schr Vesta, for
Port Blakeley.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Mar 27— Schr Bailor Boy,
from Seattle.
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 27— Bktn Omega, hno
Mar 22; schr Maid of Orleans, hence Mar 21.
Foreign Ports'. '
HILO— Arrived • Mar Ship Henry Vlllard,
hence Feb 16. ■ ; -.::■'
. DEPARTURE BAY— sail Mar 28— Ship Ori
ental, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 6— Ship Kenllworth,
hence Feb 16.
; To sail Mar 17— Ship Iroquois, for Philadelphia.
NANAIMO— Mar 25— Ship St John, fm
Port Los Angeles. .
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Mar 26— Br ship
Carradale, for San Diego. •' ' . -
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 26— Br ship Scot
tish Moors for Fleet wood, and not as previously
reported. ' . .
Movement* of Tram- Atlnntlo Steamer*.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Mar 27— Stmr Penn
land for Antwerp. ,
.NEW. YORK— Arrived Mar 27— Stmr California,
from Mediterranean ports. . :■■
■ Sailed Mar '27— Stmr Taormina, tor Hamburg.
. HAMBURG— SaiIed Mar 26— Stmr Prussia, for
New York. ■ " s
GLASGOW— SaiIed Mar 26-Stmr Furnessia, for
New York. . '-'■■. '■■■■- .
' BROWHKAD— Passed Mar 27— Stmr Etruria,
from New York, for Liverpool.
SClLLY— Passed Mar 27-Stmr Kensington, fm
New York, for Liverpool.
'. ' ' Imr»ort.aMon«.
• HONGKONG AND YOKOHAMA- Per Coptic—
5756 pkgs mdse, 29,123 pkgs rice, 184 picks tea,
447 pkgs oil. 796 pkgs curios. 600 pkss opium, 541
pkgs spice, 13,700 pkgs sugar; 235 pkes beans, 100
pkgs fish; etc. 14 pkcs- parcels. 64 pugs silk goods,
1752 pkgs matting, 500 pkgs hemp, .200 pkgs cof
fee. ■ -■' : ■--■■ «. ' . '-• .■■■-- -
■ For overland— 693 pkgs mdse, 50'pkgs rice. 535
pkgs raw silk. , 411 pkgs curios, 147 pkgs silk
goods. 352 pkgs matting. . ,
- For Central and South America— lo6 pkgs mdse,
3pkgsoil. 27 ■ pk^s . curios, 1 ' pkg beans, 36 pkgs
parcels, 36 pkgs silk goods. ■ ■■ 
. AQUIN A BAY— Per Farallon-556V 2 sks flour,
1428 qr-sKs flour, 3517 sks oats. 1633 sks potatoes.
76 cs eggs, 15 coops chickens, 28 c.ds stave bolti.
13 tons scrap iron. '^7 bdls hides, 106 sks bark. 9
nxs groceries, 1 fix furs, 1 "bbl wine. 53 sks oysters,
6 coops chickens, 12 sks onions, 1 cs shoes, 1 Ml
matting, 1 crate dogs. "'. " , : •:•;.-.:::.' / '
Coos Bay— 22B sks potatoes, 2 bells hides. •
• > Port Orford— 4 cs empty bottles, l.bai salt hid«i
2 pkgs express, 25 M ft lumber. ..
• V Consicnee*. -' . /.V
» Per Coptic— A E Gates: C Toohey: C B Jennings:
F J McWUllams: R Isaacs A Bros; I Bank of Cali
fornia: Bank of British Columbia; Irving Sri::: M
J; Brandenstein A Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co: S L
Jones A Co; Geo Morrow A Co; Mendelson Bros;
Parrott<t Co; The Anglo-California Bank; Caorge
J Campbell: W; Roth: C W Jackson; s»v»?ne &
Hovt; WA J Sloane A Co; A C Robinson: marker
Bro3: FH Ames: 1 J H Bode A Co; McH«« *
Co: Nevada Bank; California and Japan Trad'stg
Co; Chinese and Japanese merchants. i '■"" "
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson A Co; IT Putard;
C J Leist A Co; Dal ton Bros: Rubs, SandeW&Co;
H H Dobbins: J:J Evans; F H Hammer £ Co; F
H Blake: OC McFarland A Co: Pacific *V A W
Cor Meyer A Akerman : J Everting A Co: Charles
Jacobson ; J H Cain A Co; .W C Price A Co : A L
Bryan A Co; ■W F. Mitchell : : WA J Slo»ne A Co:
E R Stevens A Co; Wood. Curtis A Co; gauffer A
Co; Morgan Oyster Co: Getz Bros A Co: Immel A
Co . VV B Sumner A Co ; Smith's Cash Store : . Slebe
Bros A Co; D E Allison A Co; Wells, fargo A Co;
McDonough A Runyon; 8 H Frank A Co: F Cheva
lier A Co: M P Detels: * Murray A steln&asen: T J
Go.den; Standard Oil Co. - ; .... . '
g^g^ OFFICE FDRKITDRK
g^a^l AND FIXTURES.
KsfflJijC. F. WEB EH & CO.,
m v)E& 300 " t0 3 06 p ost stj cor , stocktoaInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
BOLD ROBBERY AT STEGE.
Three Masked Highwaymen Loot
the Safe at the Lonely
Station.
MADE A VERY SMALL HAUL.
Agent Thompson, Surprised While in
Bed, Is Ordered to Open the
Strong-Box.
Oakland Office San Frakci6co Call,)
90S Broadway, March 27. f
The little railroad depot at Stege station
was robbed this morning by three masked
men. The booty only consisted of $45,
some money orders and a watch. The
notes are not negotiable.
Agent Thompson telegraphed his ex
perience to Superintendent Wilder early
this morning and Deputy Sheriff White
drove out to the scene of the robbery,
which is about two miles across the lice,
in Contra Costa County. To them Thomp
son related the incidents of the eventful
night.
The agent slept in a small room adjoin
ing the station. Though he had a shot
gun by his bedside, be was awakened so
suddenly that before he could gather his
senses there was a masked mail beside him
with a revolver in his hand. A little dis
tance off were two other men. They told
him to get up and open the safe, but he
said he was not the regular agent and did
not know the combination. One of the
men stood guard over Thompson while
the otner two went into the station.
Thompson heard them boring the
safe, evidently intending to blow
it up, so in order to save the
safe he unlocked the door. The robbers
took what valuables they could rind and
departed after tieing up the agent.
An examination this morning showed
that the men had first tried to pick the
lock of the door to the station, but were
unsuccessful. They then took a railroad
tie and smashed in the door.
Thompson cannot furnish a very good
description of the men, for they were ex
ceedingly careful. Ha did not see the two
that robbed the safe at all in thelieht,
and the one who guarded him carefully
hid his face with his mask. After they
had gone be soon succeeded in releasing
himself.
"We do not believe that the men were
experts at safe-blowing," said Deputy
Willard D. Thompson, U. C. '95, President Thirteenth Department of the Univer
sity Republican League.
[Uepioduced from a photograph.]
White, after returning from Stege station.
"Instead of boring on the door near the
combination they used their bit on the
side of the safe. On the way out we met
several tramps and questioned them, but
we found no one who had seen the rob
bers."
Tnere is . no town at the depot and
Stege's . ranch is the nearest residence.
The night was stormy, and the circum
stances are very favorable for a successful
' robbery. Thompson is about 20 years of
age.
COUNTY MONEY LOST.
1 Licence Collector Ballard'n Commis
sions Were Illegal. "■
OAKLAND, Cal., March 27.— At the
meeting of the Board of Supervisors next
Monday James W. Ballard's appoint
ment as Collector of Licenses, wbica
he has held for the past- two - years,
will be revoked. This was made a
certainty to-day by a decision received by
District Attorney Snook from the Supreme
Court in the Ventura County case. The
decision sets forth by an exposition of the
meaning of the word "such" as appears in
section 154 of Ihe county government act,
denning the duties of the county Tax Col
lector, that it iB the duty of that officer to
collect the license fees paid in the county
for the sale of liquor.
* It also holds that in Ventura County the
payment of a warrant to the license collec
tor would be illegal, that the Supervisors
have no right to authorize such a claim
and that the lower court in that county is
required to join, the County Treasurer
from the payment of ; the Auditor's war
rant in the premises. ■ '.'■-'.",' .
District Attorney Snook said to-night:
"Of course the board cannot pay Bal lard
any more, but I do not think the money
can be recovered that is already paid, be
cause their "bondsmen are not liable for
that. Of course if any one tried they might
make a light? against the Board of Super
visors for the : amount paid out, bat with
out a ( careful looking into the matter I
could not say with what ; success. ; I don't
think it advisable."
IMPROVEMENT ANl> PROGRESS.
Went Oakland Residents Organize for
Mutual Benefit.
OAKLAND, Gal., March 27.— mem
bers of the -West Oakland Improvement
Club met in flansen's Hall last evening
and elected their permanent officers.
George C. W. Stark, member of the Board
of Education from the First Ward, was
chosen president; J- V. .Bullock, vice-presi
dent; Charles L. Wines, \ secretary, j and
Louis Hufschmidt. treasurer. v Much en
thusiasm was manifested by the audience, |
' ' ; , : ■ ■■■"■'.- ■ - ■ ' "--■"■.■
which was composed of the leading citi
zens of that part of the city.
Police Mutual Benevolence.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 27.— The mem
bers of the Oakland Police Department
have organized a mutual benevolent asso
ciation among themselves. Upon the
death of a member each man will pay the
sum of $20 for the deceased brother offi
cer's widow. As there are some fifty men
in the department it will mean $1000 for
the widow or any one she may designate.
At the opening of the meeting Chief Lloyd
took occasion to call the officers' attention
to some genpral instructions he had for
them.
Seventh Street Affected. ■
OAKLAND, Cal., March 27.— Thomas
V. Cator and C. M. Jennings filed a notice
of appeal of the judgment on the de
murrer in the case of E. G. Buswell against
the Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This is the Seventh-street local fare fight,
which has been waged against the railroad
company.
Funeral of Jasper Babcock.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 27.— The fune
ral of the late Jasper Babcock took place
from the undertaking parlors of Albert
Brown this afternoon. It was conducted
by Dr. Wendte of the Unitarian church,
and was very quiet and unostentatious.
At the time of his death he was a resident
of San Jose, but for many years lived in
Oakland. He was a noted politician in the
State of Nevada.
Ah Sing on Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 27.— The trial
of Ah Sing for attempting to bribe Chief
of Police Lloyd with $65 was begun to-day
before Judge Greene. As Officer Banks,
the go-between, has disappeared, the Chief
was the principal witness to-day.
UNIVERSITY REPUBLICANS
Students at Berkeley Organize a
League for Political
Action.
Princeton Accepts— The Duke of
Oldenbourg Leaves for His
Baronial Estates.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— The
Berkeley collegians will enter the political
arena next Monday afternoon at a big
mass-meeting held for the purpose of
organizing what will be called the Uni
versity of California Republican League.
Willard D. Thompson '95 has been chosen
chairman of the thirteenth department of
the league bvthe general assembly, and
William C. Russell '98, secretary. The
thirteenth district includes the States of
California and Nevada, and the chairman
| has jurisdiction over the college leagues
in his district. The prime object of the
! league is to arouse the interest of college
! men in politics and politico-economic
questions and to acquaint them with the
great National issues of tne day. The
club which the Berkeley students are
about to form will make a canvass 'or the
Republican Presidential nominee this fall.
Public speakers of prominence will be se
cured to address the young voters as the
time for the election draws nigh, and
torch-light processions will be heldfin sea
son. Lo-wellJ. Hardy, a graduate in the
class of '66 of the old California College be
fore it merged into the State University,
has already been secured to deliver an ad
dress. Mr. Hardy is the Republican can
didate for the Assembly in the Fifty -first
District. The university is included in his
territory. Mr. Hardy was a member of
the Assembly from Alameda County in
1376.
The College Republican League is Na
| tional in its scope and has for its advisory
board such distinguished men as Benjamin
Harrison, William McKinley. Chauncey
M. Depew, James S. Clarkson, T. B. Reea,
Levi P. Morton, Russell A. Alger and Rob
ert T. Lincoln.
The fifth annual convention of the league
will be held in Chicago on April 3.
Princeton Accepts.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— William
Nat Friend, manager of the university
track team, received a reply to his letter
to Princeton to-day, in which it was stated
that their team would meet the Berkeley
athletes on the track should they go East
this summer. This is the first definite
word received from the "Tigers" with re
gard to a match, an indefinite telegram
| having been received last week to the
: effect that they -would probably meet the
I Californians should satisfactory terms be
! arrived at.
The date and other preliminaries have
not yet been settled.
Oldenbourg to Leave.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— Charles
Louis Oldenbourg, whose prospects of in
heriting the German title of Charles Louis
of Oldenbourg and vast landed estates in
the duchy were announced in a recent
issue ot The Call, will leave to-morrow on
the steamer San Bias for Manzanillo,
whence he will go to Colima, Mexico, to
join his father. As soon as he arrives at
Colima lie and his father will leave for
Germany for tne purpose of settling the
preliminaries witk. regard to the acquire
ment of the title and the estate.
Since Oldenbourg has come to the
knowledge of what an envious station
in life he is about to advance to he has
lived in almost complete retirement at bis
fraternity house in Berkeley.
To-nignt he gave a theater party to a
number of his friends as a fitting farewell
prior to nis departure across the Atlantic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 189(5.
BECAUSE OF HIS POVERTY
The High School Editor's Ex
planation of the Faculty's
Disfavor.
M'CHESNEY'S FLAT DENIAL.
Though Popular With the Pupils Wil
lis Ketcham Is Peisona Non
Grata to the Teachers.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 27. -.).
Willis Ketcham, a pupil of the High
School and editor of the iEgis, the ' school
organ, has been sent away from the insti
tution by Principal McChesney.
Ketcham says he was suspended because
his position as editor was not agreeable to
certain members of the faculty on account
of his humble circumstances. Professor
McChesney says it is because the lad is not
securing the average amount of good
marks; but this is disproved by the facts,
for there are several pupils whose marks
are no higher than Ketcham's and some
that are lower.
'■I never was so surprised in my life,"
said Ketcham to-night. "Of course I knew
that I was not so forward as many of the
scholars, but I j never had any fear that I
could not get through. My last report
card contained three C's and a B, and I
know of others having a lower standard
who are allowed to remain in the school,
and students sometimes get through on
five C's, and I have been 'promoted before
on the same marking as my last card '
shows. Of course I could not help but
wonder at my abrupt dismissal. I am
here from Indiana, living alone on the
least possible pittance, trying to fit my
self for something in life, and when I was
told that my work was not satisfactory 1
naturally wonder why others are allowed
to stay in the school whose standard is no
better than my own in their respective
studies, I don't think I was treated right
by Professor McChesney.
"There are two classes of pupils in the
High School. One ' class has wealthy
parents and are well dressed. The other
class is composed of pupils like myself,
who barely manage to get enough to eat
to enable them to study. When I was
elected editor of the 2Egis by a large ma
jority the faculty at once expressed dis
approval. A resolution was passed that
in future all 'nominations: must, be sub
mitted to the faculty for approval prior to
election. This was not thought of until
after my election, and simply meant that
the faculty would have blackballed me had
my nomination been submitted to them."
''The story that I tried to subsidize the
editor of the iEgis and such talk is all
false, as anybody knows without being
told," said Principal McCh«sney. "Why,
instead of being prejudiced against
Ketcham, I have been his friend. I never
interfered with the Jsgis, as every teacher
intbe building will say. WithjKetcham it is
this way: His studies have been so poor
that his teachers have continually com- i
plained, and he is only one of a lot who
were ■ dropped. For the same reason sev
eral more are on the docket now. I can't
expel anybody ; that is for the City Super
intendent to do.
"After many unfavorable reports I
called Ketcham to me and talked with
him. He said he would do better, so I
gave him a second trial. But 1 it finally,
became necessary to take some decided
action .on the recommendation of his
teachers, so I again called him to my
office. Then I said: 'See here, Ketchani;
you are doing nothing; why don't you
withdraw from the school? There is no
need of fooling your time away here to the
injury of the school. Go somewhere else
and prepare your studies for the univer
sity.'
"I would consider the proposition of his
coming back if he can give a satisfactory
pledge that he will go to work faithfully,
In this regard I am acting on the advice
of Superintendent McClymonds. He has i
I often told me to get rid of the pupils that !
don't do anything, and so I have sent out
more than ever this year. I felt com
pelled against my wishes to tell Ketcham
to drop nis studies, for I was trying to
help the boy out and now he has caused I
all this fuss. With regard to the iEgis
business and those marks, that is all
false."
The system of electing teachers to the
Oakland High School is. partly responsi
ble for the social class lines that exist.
T tie teachers are elected every June for
one year only, and every year the\ have
to be re-elected. This system necessi
tates that each teacher and his* or her
friends must make a right for their places
among the School Directors prior to elec
tion night. Last year three teachers of
marked ability failed of re-election after
long terms of service, and as the election
approaches the feeling of uncertainty in
creases- It has been stated teat the most
natural way for teachers to make them
selves solid politically is to begin in the
classroom.
It is said that this has . been done.
Ketcham's contention- is that the faculty
would rather have some one of the su
perior social class to edit the; High School
paper, and that his hand-me-down suit is
not an acceptable sight to those more
favored with this world's goods than ho is.
All the professors and teachers unite in
saying that ■ Ketcham is \ very backward
and does not make reasonable progress.
That he is very popular with the majority
of the pupils is proven by his election two
months ago to the position of editor of the
JEgis.
FIGHTING FOR FREEDOM
The Gold Brick Man Defeated
on Two More Writs of
Habeas Corpus.
His Attorney Will Make Another
Attempt to Get His Client Out
To-Morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. March 27. J
Andrew W. Root, alias Raymond, alias
Wood, alias Hiller, alias Miller, the gold
brick &winu!er, had two rounds m the Su
perior Court of Alameda County to-day
and is still in the City Jail. His attorney
is not daunted by these failures, however,
but will appear to-morrow in Department
1 with another application for a writ of
habeas corpus. It is announced to-night
that he will try each Judge in turn and in
case of a failure will then try the Supreme
Court.
When the case came up at 10 o'clock this
morning before Judge Ellsworth, S. A.
Hofstra of San Jose, one ot the defendant's
victims, nad arrived and sworn to a new
complaint. This was also made a part of
the returns of the District Attorney on be
half of the Chief of Police. Attorney Nus
baumer said he had expected that the re
turn would be based upon the warrant
upon which his client had been arrested
immediately after his discharge. But it
appeared that a new warrant had been
sworn to by Hofstra based upon the same
acts as those in the case upon which
Root had been discharged. He thought
the District Attorney should show there
was new evidence to warrant the rearrest
of the defendant.
The District Attorney said that the only
question for the court to inquire into was
the regularity of the process, and not the
matter of proof or evidence upon which
the second warrant was issued.
Mr. Nusbaumer declared he expected a
new warrant upon a new charge. "I
claim," he said, "that there is no new evi
dence, and that the second charge is the
same."
Judge Ellsworth— You must concede
that it there is no valid process we cannot
turn him loose.
The District Attorney knew nothing of
the facts, but the presumption wa9 that
there was new evidence and that the offi
cers were doing their duty.
Mr. Nnsbaumer wanted to amend the
writ, but Judge Ellsworth thought it
would require a new proceeding anil re
manded the prisoner. The attorney at
once secured a new petition, returnable at
1 o'clock. The District Attorney at once
attacked it as not stating facts sufficient
to constitute a cause for the issuance of a
writ. Nusbaumer thought it too late to
make objection after a return had been
made. Judge Ellsworth ignored this point
and proceeded with the questions of inter
fering at that stage of the proceedings and
cf the claim that there must be new evi
dence. He thought the only question was
whether the defendant was rearrested
upon sufficient proof. This was finally ad
judged in the affirmative, and the pris
oner remanded for the second time the
same day.
RARE CHURCH CEREMONY
Part of an Alameda Church
Edifice Deconsecrated by
Bishop Nichols.
The Inspection of Company G Some
thing More Than a Perfunctory
Proceeding.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 27.— A very
unusual service was held in Christ Church
last night by Bishop Nichols. It was im
mediately after the interesting ceremony
of consecrating the chalice and paten, and
consisted of the ceremony of deconsecrat
ing the old church structure, which had
been built in with and formed apart of the
new. Deconsecration is necessary in
church law, to permit its use for other
purposes than those of holding divine ser
vice.
There will be considerable improvements
made to the old structure, which formerly
stood on a part of the site of the new City
Hall. The costs of the improvements will
approximate $2000. The exterior will De
aliered so as to conform in architecture to
the main structure. In the rear a two
story building will be erected, and the
added rooms will be used for Sunday
school and for the accommodation of the
societies connected with the church, and
for the many semi-religious gatherings of ;
the members.
Company G's Muster,
ALAMEDA, Cai... March 27.— Company
G, Fifth Infantry, mustered sixty-six men.
a full membership, lust night at its annual
muster. The inspection was conducted j
by Captain Carrington of the First United j
States Infantry, The military officials |
present were: Adjutant-General Barrett |
of Sacramento: Lieutenant-Colonel J. C. |
Currier, division inspector on the staff of !
Major-General Dimond ; Major Hays of J
Oakland, Surgeon Rottanzi of the Fifth !
Kegiment, Captain Maclay and Lieutenant
Stockdale of Petal uma; Lieutenant Bor
lini, battalion adjutant: Lieutenant
Hendy, regimental quartermaster, and
Lieutenants Hunt and Cobbiedick ot Oak
land. The inspection was very thorough j
and somewhat trying. It was just the re- j
verse from the perfunctory maneuvers •
that such occasions usually bring forth. |
One of the unexpected innovations was ad- !
dressing the men abruptly in the rants, \
asking their age, nativity, and reasons for j
enlisting. This is done to test their alert- |
ness and general intelligence.
Municipal Ownership.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 27.— Dr. E. S.
Clark, Colonel J. J. Tobin, F. H. McCor
mick, Colonel EL A. yon Schmidt, Green
Majors, Hermann Krusi and George E.
Phi mmer have been elected as the execu
tive committee of ihe Municipal Owner
ship League. The meeting on Thursday
nignt was addressed by J. M. Reynolds of
San Francisco, E. K. Taylor, F. H. Mc-
Cormick and others.
A Singular Accident.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. March 27.— A two
year-old child of Henry Tugjry of 881 Oak
street came near being killed this niorr.
ing. The child was left by Us mother in a
baby carriage in front of Postei's grocery
store, southeast corner of Alameda avenue |
and Oak street, when the vehicle started i
to move off on its own account, rolling j
down off the curb and under the feet of a
horse hitched in a delivery, wagon. The
baby bugpy scared the horse, which reared
and* plunged. The baby was thrown out
and it was feared sustained fatal injuries.
Just how badly it was injured has not yet
been determined.
HISTOKY OB A DAY.
■ Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
, 90S Broadway, March 27. \
Mrs. Adele Rose has filed a complaint for a
divorce against Frank. Rose. Carroll Cook Is
the plaintiff's attorney.
' The cases of the T\vcnty-third avenue men,
charged with violating the liquor law, were
continued until to-morrow to be set.
Low Shin, who broke into Mrs. Hood's hen
house ■at Fruilvale, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Greene to two 1 years at Folsom for
burglary. :
Mrs. Aline Kustel of Alameda, who was ex
amined yesterday for insanity on the subject
of mesmerism, was to-day committed to the
Agnews Asylum.
L. J. Finley, who.was up in the Police Court
on the charge of failing to provide for his
minor child, nad his case dismissed to-day, as
he has settled up matters with his wife.. The
latter has a suit for divorce pending.
•^ As the . money in most of ' the funds of the
city is very low just at present, City Treasurer
Gilpin has announced that he will . give all the
city employes an equal chance to obtain what
cash there is on their; warrants by : calling on
the Ist of April. It will be first come lirst
served-tamjtojg
William McClintock, John Spence and Hugh
Gray, all East •; Oakland teamsters, were ar
rested this afternoon upon the complaint of
Dr. Woolsey, who charges them with petty lar
ceny. Their offense consists in cutting grass
from a piece of land owned by the doctor near
the boulevard.
A. B. Hammond ;of Montana is spending a
few days in Oakland. ' He is well known in the
Northwest as a railroad man, being; both an
owner and a builder of railroads. At the pres
ent time he is engaged in the construction: of
a line. Mr. Hammond is interested in Oak
land property. '
■ A. GibbsVas convicted of disturbing the peace
and battery, but judgment was suspended on
the latter charge. It was, ; in GibbsV case, that
the woman ~; who I , testified for the prosecution
fainted in court as a result of ; the | questions of
Attorney Ayer, who represented the defendant.
Gibbs will be sentenced next Wednesday. - : .. 7 :■';■:.
: J. C. Kimble,' formerly a lumber-dealer on an
extensive r scale • in : Minneapolis, who came to
Oakland *. to live : a number of • years ago, but
afterward ! left because he ■- preferred ■ Los An
geles, 1 has returned to this city, and is now ap
parently well content to make his : home ; here.
He will reoccupy the elegant house on Jackson
street In which nc formerly lived.
Struck His Wife.
Frank Moran, a teamster, residing at 35*£
Louisa street, was arrested last evening at the
Instance of his wile and detained at the South
ern police station on a charge of battery. Mrs.
Moran alleges that her husband was abusing
his stepdaughter, aged 9 years, and she inter
fered,in the child's behalf", when he struck her
a brutal blow in the face. Hence the *rr«*k
NATURALIZATION RIGHTS
An Important Point in Re-Regis
tration Raised by County
Clerk Jordan.
Strenuous Efforts Being Made to Get
Out a Great Register That Is
Absolutely Reliable.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 27. )
County Clerk Jordan's office is the scene
of several misunderstandings daily with
applicants for registration. For the par
pose of acting in a legal manner on the
subject Mr. Jordan has taken up a test case
and this afternoon he sent the following
letter to District Attorney Snook for a legal
opinion:
My Dear Sir: To-day bas been presented to
me affidavit of registration made by Manuel
Garcia de Serpa. An examination of the affi
davit shows that he was naturalized on the
29th day of October, 1894. Accompanying his
affidavit of registration I find a copy t»t the
certificate of naturalization issued to him in
the Superior Court of the county of Santa Clara
of this State.
Will the provisions of Chapter 27, Statutes
of 1895, page 453, especially that portion
which reads as follows: "And no person who
shall not be able to read the constitutibn in
the English language and write his own name
shall ever exercise the privilege of an elector
in this State; provided tnat the provisions of
this amendment relative to an educational
qualification shall not apply to any person
prevented by physical disability from comply
ing with its requisitions, nor to any person who
now has the right to vote, nor to any person
who shall be 60 years of age and upward at
the time this amendment shall take effect,"
justify me in placing' the name on the Great
Register of the county? Inasmuch as registra
tion closes Saturday for the San Leandro elec
tion I would like an answer at the earliest
possible moment.
Again, subdivision 4 of section 1097 of the
Political Code has reference to the rights of
citizenship acquired through the naturaizatiqn
of the father before the applicant attained his
majority, where applicant was bora in a for
eign land and came to this country under the
age of 21 years. A great many affidavits have
been filed wherein the statement is made, "by
virtue of. the naturalization of his father." It
seems to me thut the affidavit is insufficient,
and I desire to kuow whether I can insist upon
an affidavit being made showing the time and
place of naturalization of father and the date
of naturalization and such other facts as may
be necessary betore placing the name on the
register. '
An early answer to these questions will
greatly oblige. Yours very truly.
Frank C. Jordan, County Clerk.
"I intend to protect the Great Register
at all hazards," said the County Clerk to
day. "Many names have been put on the
register by deputies who were paid so
much a name that never ought to have
been there. I don't want any man to be
kept, off that has a right to be there; but I
don't want a single name to be there that
should not be."
PROSPEROUS ELKS.
New Officers Elected and a Handsome
Girt Made to the Fait Exalted
Ruler.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 27.— The an
nual election of officers of Oakland Lodge
of Eiks was held last night. There was a
large attendance and the proceedings were
very harmonious and pleasant.
The following officers were elected to
serve for the cominct year: Exalted ruler,
A. T. McDonough; esteemed leading
knisrht, H. N. Sloper; esteemed loyal
knight, F. P. McFeely; esteemed lectur
ing knight, J. Sculberger; secretary, J. J.
Hannifin Jr.; treasurer, W. \V. Landon;
tiler. C. H. Hawbaker; trustees— C. A. Ses
sions, O. Bemi«, C. H. Butler.
The chief event of the past year, which
has been a very prosperous one, was the
erection of the Elks' monument at Moun
tain View Cemetery. This was unveiled
by Frederick 'Warde, the actor, a few
weeks ago. Past Exalted Ruler E. H.
Benjamin has been most energetic in fur
thering the work of the order during bis
term of office, and an elegant presentation
was tendered him last night.
After the election Exalted Ruler A.T.
McDonough, after a neat little speech,
handed his predecessor, E. H. Jienjamm,
a very handsome Elk symbol, which
sparkled with the rays from thirty-aix
small diamonds.
LIKE OLD PARTIES.
The Populists of Alameda County Will
Klcot Their Delegates at
Primaries.
Oakland Offick San Francipco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 27. f
The People's party will select delegate?
to attend their county convention to be
held April 25 by primaries, to be held
Saturday, April 18, between the hours of 4
and 8 r. m. The county convention will
select the seventeen delegates to the State
convention, to be held in Sacramento May
12, for the selection of Presidential electors.
They will also act as delegates to the Third
Congressional District convention. The
I basis of representation in the county con
vention is fixed at one delegate for each
precinct and one additional for every 100
voters, or major fraction thereof, cast at
the 'last election for J. V. Webster for
Governor.
Kvening With Dickens.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— The
memoers of tho College Young Women's
Christian Association are making active
preparations for "An Evening With
Dickens," which will be given at Stiles
Hall early in April. The rooms of the hall
will be divided and fixed to represent dif
ferent volumes of Dickens' works. The
hooks which have already been selected to
be represented are: "Domby and Son,"
•'David Copperiield," "Old Curiosity
Shop" and "Bleak House." Several
characters will be represented in every
scene of the story whicli is displayed.
Miss Maud Hansch is chairman of the
committee on arrangements and among
those who have the different booths in
charge are Miss Whitehead, Miss Barter,
Miss Wythe and Miss McCue.
Personal Mention.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— President
Martin Kellogg of the university, Pro
fessor Irving Stringham and Professor
Frederick Starr have gone to Los Angeles
to attend the fifth annual session of the
Southern California Teachers' Association.
Mrs. Janr.es McNaught of New York,
wife, of the well-known Northern Pacific
Railroad attorney, is visiting her sister,
Mrs. Chick, at her home, on Durant ave
nue.
Profe?sor C. B. Bradley and Professor A.
I F. Langeof the department of English at
the State University will leave in a few
days on an extended trip through the
State, visiting the various high schools
now accredited and desiring to be ac
credited to the university.
Muss- Meeting of T rndesmen.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— A mass
meeting of local workmen and mechanics
connected with the various business trades
has been called for next Monday evening
at Pythian Hall. The purpose of the
meeting will be primarily to discuss the
recent painters' strike in San Francisco
and to bring the wage-workers into closer
relationship, with a view to organizing in
Berkeley an association which will include
in its scope all the building trades.
Preliminary Tennis Tournament.
BERKELEY. Cal., March 27. -A pre
liminary tennis tournament to determine
who will represent the University of Cali
fornia against Stanford in the annual
tennis meet will be held tomorrow morn
ing at tne California courts in San Fran
cisco. Following are the entries: Magee,
Hovey, Everett, Sieger, Stone, Gag*, Row
lings, Uphara, Kinzie, Parker, Van Wyck
and Hall.
California Art Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.— The Cali
fornia Art Club, which was recently
formed in Berkeley with Professor H. T.
Ardley as president, will hold its next
meeting at the Central Bank building,
Oakland, on the evening of April 1.
I. C. -Reliance Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 27.-The Re
liance Club baseball nine will play the
University of California team to-morrow
afternoon on the Berkeley diamond, begin
ning at 2:15 o'clock.
Christian Kndeavor Convention.
BERKELEY. Cal.. March 27.— The con
vention of the Christian Endeavor Union
of Beikeley will be held on Friday even
ing, April 3, at the First Baptist Church,
Dwight way.
TO CELEBRATE PESACH.
The Hebrew Feast of Passover
Will Commence This
Evening.
Interesting Ceremonies to Be Observed
in the Orthodox Jewish
Household.
Israelites throughout the entire world
will this evening begin the eight-day cele
bration of the feast of Pesach or Passover.
To-day is the 14th day of the Hebrew
month Nissan — the day upon which tradi
tion fixes the exodus from Egypt. It is
?n celebration of the freeing of Israel from
me tyranny of Rameses that the festival
is held.
The history of the Passover is admit
tedly one of the most complicated sub
jects in Hebrew archaeology, and lias for
centuries formed as it were a great battle
field of Pentateuch criticism. Sonleof the
original Passover customs and traditional
usages have too been deleted from the
modern Hebrew ritual. The reformed or
progressive element among Jews is largely
responsible for this.
The orthodox Hebrew welcomes the
Passover with much ceremony. On the
eve of Pesach his wife sets the supper cer
emonial table while it is yet light. Upon
it she places dishes containing the shank
bone of a lamb, to commemorate the Pas
chal sacrifice, horseradish, which typifies
the bitter servitude of Israel in Egypt,
and a curious compound of chopped al
monds, apples and spioes, supposed to
represent the mortar used by the ancient
Israelites in building. In addition to these
in a separate dish are placed four cakes of
unleavened bread, called matzos. This is
in fulfillment of the Scriptural command
that "there shall be no leaven throughout
your habitations."
Upon arrival from synagogue on Pass
over night the master of the house chants
the sanctification prayer. He then raises
the Passover bread to the view of all as
sembled at his board and reads in Chal
daic the opening words of the service:
"Like unto this was the bread of affliction
which our fathers ate in Egypt. Let all
who are hungry enter and eat-" It is
notable that, the better to carry out the
spirit of the invitation, the door of the
orthodox Jew's residence is hospitably left
ajar during the progress of the service.
More than this, if there be in his house
hold any servant of the Hebrew faith he
is entitled to a seat at the iable.
The ritual proper for the Passover even
ing is a quaint mixture of history, poetry,
legendary lore, archaeology and philoso
phy. The Seder, as it is termed, has been
contributed to by rabbis and scholars for
ages, till it resembles nothing so nearly as
a moss-grown and lichen-covered castle
full of interestine souvenirs of bygone
times.
At stated points in the service the mas
ter of the house exhibits the bitter herbs,
"mortar," and unleavened bread. This he j
does in response to the queries of the
youngest male member seated at the table,
who inquires in a set form, "Why is this
nijrhtdistinguished from all other nights?"
and many other questions equally to the
point. Four classes of wine are also
drunK during the service, and carry an
allegorical meaning to the orthodox He
brew.
Supper is eaten during a short recess in
the service, which is afterward resumed
with the chanting of the hallel, or hymns
of praise, set to tunes as ancient as the
compositions themselves.
The Seder is read by the orthodox the
first two nights of the festival, but the
celebration is continued for eight days.
NEW TO-DAY.
These piercing March
winds chill you to the
very bone* You can-
not keep warm even
when well dad. The
heat of your own body
should keep you com-
fortable* If not* use
foods which burn up
easily in the body when
united with the oxygen
you breathe* Have
more fat* Give Na-
ture a chance to work
out her plans* Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites is a fat food*
The bodyis fat-warmed I
and fat is deposited in
the tissues for protection
and future use* The
Hypophosphites in-
vigorate the nerves and
strengthen digestion*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
.SSStSP^P 3 ™"**- Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private i
.-Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or I
I disease wearing on bodyand mindaad !
Skin Diseases. The d<Jctor cures when
others fail. Try him. > Charges low
Cnre«cnarHiiU«>il. Callorwrlta!
»r. J, V. «fßß4>jr. Box im.SuS!^
Auction Sales
J. C. MUTDEH, AUCTIONEER,
OFFICE— 521 KEARNY STREKT.
"WILI. SEt/L THIS DAY,
5aturday.............. .March 28. 1899,
• Commencing at 11 a. m. sharp, at
805 Capp St., Near Twenty-third,
By order of the administrators, all 'the fins
I furniture and household goods of a well-furnished
: residence of nine rooms, belonging to the Dlenerle
i Estate. :.' Fine Parlor, Dining-room and Chamber
j Furniture. ; Fine \V. B. Range. Excellent Bed-
i ding, Carpets, Curtains, Crockery, etc Don't miss
; this sale, as everything must be sold without re-
serve.- - ■ • ■ ■J. C. MVTHKK. Auctioueer. '■■
Only the first two and last two days are
i observed in the synagogue, however.
In this City services will be held this
j evening in the Temple Emanu-El, Sherith
I Israel, lieth Israel and the Bush-street
I Temple, by the rabbis of the congrega-
, tions. Services will also be held to-mor-
! row at 10 a. m., in all the synagogues,
when addresses will be delivered by their
i pastors. Tlie orthodox congregations
: Sherith Israel and Beth Israel will con-
tinue the celebration on Monday morning.
FOSTER'S CONTEMPT.
He Will Be Obliged to Answer for I*
Before Judge Seawell Next
Monday.
On Monday morning President A. W.
Foster of the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway will appear before Judge
Seawell of the Superior Court to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt.
President Foster ia charged with failing
to. recognize Sydney V. Smith as a di-
rector of the company. Smith was re-
cently adjudged a director and P. N. Lil-
ienthal ousted from the directorial board
in virtue of a judicial opinion rendered by
Judge Seawell in an action brought by
Smith to have his status in the board de-
fined. President Foster is accused of hav-
ing denied Smith the occupancy of a seat
in the board. Foster has appealed the
matter to the Supreme Court, and claims
his non-recognition of Smith was neces-
sary, in view of his contention that Smith
is not a legally constituted director. In
! any event, the Supreme Court will be
j called upon to finally adjudicate the case.
I =
OCX AW STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Affl.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, a3 -SasfiSE
follows: - ... ... ,
For Mary Island, Loring, WrangeL Juneau. KU-
-1 lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., March 16, 25,
1 30. April 14.29. - ,
For Victoria and. Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
> What com (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. X.
I March 5, 10, 16, 20, 25. 30. and every fifth
! day • thereafter,' connecting at Vancouver with
the C. c. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,,
! at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., March •_', 6, 10,
14. 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa -Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, San Pedro,* East Baa
i Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9a. x., March
' 4, "«.•• 1-', 16, 20, 24, 553, and every fourth day
j thereafter. ' • . .■■ ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis - Obispo); Santa i Barbara, Port - Lot
i Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
I a. m., March 2, 6, 10, 14, ; 18, 2J, 26, , SO, and
every fourth day thereafter. ., ...
- For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m., April 5. . .
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
1 GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
—^xo
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class $8.00
Beoond Class . tSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — I New Montgomery Street.
aOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
. General Agenta, .
C>. R.. o _c«3 3NT.
ASTORIA AMPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second (lass, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California 8a115....... March 24 and April 3
Columbia 5ai15...... ..........March 29 and April 8
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
6OODALL, PERKINS ft CO., Genl. Snpts. '
F. F. CON.NOK, General Agent, '
..J. . . 630 Market street.
COMPAGIf IE GENERAL TRANSATLMTIQUE
. . French Line to Havre. .
/COMPANY'S PIER(NE\V),42 NORTH Ml
\j River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■^*«»jP
: this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
\ boat. - New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
! first-class 60; second-class, 116. .
' LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e.',".;.!......,., ,
...::;.. .:......... .........:........AprU 4, sa.h
LA TOURAINE, Cant. 8ante111. ..........;.....•
; ■>.:-. .-.. :....:.....;. ........ April 9— —
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon •
..;....................:...:-. .April 11, 8:00 A.H
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe........ ....:....„
.................................... April 18,3 A. M
JS" For further particulars apply to :
, •A. FORGET, Agent,
: No. 3 Bowling Green, New York. " ;-
J. F. FDGAZI &■ CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■ ■ ...-•
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, &s^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl ■▼
AUSTRALIA. %Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. ALAMEDA ' sails via HONOLULU and
' AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 2,
| at 2 p. if.
. ft S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.,
i April 7, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLOARDIE.Aust., and CAPETOWN,
S. Afr. « J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.,
. 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.;
HAMBURGAMERICM UIE
:?«^BISWBPagP twix-screw express
. «SS^aaS6SCr ■ -; ? Line from New York to ;
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg; I'arls & Hamburg.
F. Bismarck.... April 9 I Columbia ...... May 7
'■ A. Victoria.... April 23 | Normannla...>..Jlay 14
! I. Cabin, $60 and upward; 11. Cabin, 945 and $50.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4 Vi h.. free of charge, :
, by special train; CHERBOUKG-PARIS, 6Va h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG- AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N.Y.; or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL /MB-
fortnlghtly for the West Indies and «S3B|
' Southampton, calling ■en route at . . Cerbourgh,
I France, and Plymouth to land passengers. '
! Through bills of lading, in connection with the
pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for , freight and ureas*
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195 : thirl
•IMS, ft 7 Ml For further particulars apply M
VABROTT ft CO., Agents,
308 California at.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave . Pier No. 3, Washington St.
At 5 P. M, ' Daily, Kxcept Sunday.
tST Accommodations Reserved by Telephoaa.
..■:.'■•"■, ST£AH£K):
! T.C., Walker. - J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, . City of Stockton*
.■ Telephone Main 808. CIL-Nav- aqd Inapt. Co.
fALLEJO. MARE ISHND, *BENICIA, PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.;
'.■■ MISTR^atONTICEIXO,
I-' Dally, ; except Saturday and Sunday— lo :?• 4, &
.;_ and Ir.X. ; Saturday, 12:30 noon; .;:.
■ . ■ ■ - ■■; Sunday— a r.u. -.-■,-. . •
•4 r v. only.
1 tandiiig, ftUsiion I* PIM
1314
TO IRRIGATE THE VALLEY
Route of the Proposed Grand
Canal From Redding to
Suisun.
FOR ALFALFA, CORN AND HOGS
Fertility Will Revisit the Parched
Plains of the Great Sacramento
Valley.
Frank Adams of this City is still busy
on his project to run an irrigating canal
from the Sacramento River above Redding,
through tlie Sacramento Valley to Suisun
Bay.
The canal will be 7."> feet wide and 6l£
feet deep, carrying 5 feet depth of water,
the quantity of water to i>e taken being
about 2000 cubic feet per second.
The canal will start from a dam one nrile
north of Redding, and its elevation below
the dam will be 498 feet above the levei of
the sea. The dam will be about 18 feet
high. From Kc-diiing the canal will flow
southward, skirting the foothiils with an
average fall of a foot and a half to the
mile. Thence the route will be as follows:
Crossing Olney Creek and Clear Creek,
thence two and a half miles west of An
derson, thence across Cottonwood Creek,
three miles west of Cottonwood; along
Hooker Creek and over the Hooker divide
down Dibble Creek, where the canal- bed
has been built for rive miles, two miles
west of Red bluff ; thence down the Sac
ramento Valley on the 300-foot contour
line, two and a half miles west of Corning;
thence easterly about two and a half
miles to the west of Kirfcwood; thence
three miles west of Orland, three and a
half miles west of Germantown, four miles
west of Willows, two miles west of Max
well, three miles west of Williams, one
mile west of Macy. three miles west of Ar
buckle, three miles west of Harrington,
two miles west of Dunnigan, through
Blocks, through Madison, thence follow
ing the east line of the railroad, thence
crossing Putah Creek one mile east of Win
ters, thence through Vacaville and on to
Suisun Bay.
If sufficient capital cannot be enlisted to
carry the work through it will be done on
the co-operative plan. The company will
issue 500.000 shares of stock at $1 per
share, and at the same time issue $125,000
worth of bonds at |5 per bond, the bonds
to draw interest at a quarter of 1 per cent.
Laborers will be paid $1 per day, one-half
in bonds and one-half in stock, or for
every ten days' work on the canal a man
will get a *$o bond and $5 shares of
stock and his board. These bonds
will be guaranteed to buy land
under the ditch with a perpetual water
richt at the rate of $75 per acre, or they
will be redeemed after seven years at
their full face value.
At the same time the company will
issue $125,000 worth of bonds at the par
value of $100 drawing 6 per cent interest.
These bonds will be sold to raise money
with which to buy iron and cement and
build bridges.
The canal will also furnish power for
mills and other manufacturing plants,
and it is expected that green fields of ai
falfa wiil follow the silver thread of water
down the valley.
OFFICER ROURKE'S NERVES
Best and a Quiet Beat Prescribed
for Them by Chief
Crowley.
,
His Services Highly Commended by
Captain Lees — Mrs. French Was
Very Angry Indeed.
Captain Lees yesterday investigated the
item published in yesttrday morning's ;
Calt. to the effect * that Mrs. Rose M.
French intended to bring cha-ges against
a prominent police official and an officer l
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelt3 f
to Children for having attempted to dis
credit Mrs. French's efforts on behalf of !
the prosecution in the case against Cap
tain Lane and for having obstructed the
prosecution in its efforts to secure a con
viction.
Captain Lees said that the affair had
been satisfactorily explained. Carroll I
Cook bad called upon him and told of a 1
visit made to his office by a woman named
Wilson. She was a stranger to the law} er
and suggested to him that she would in- '
terview the children who were to appear !
in court as the complaining witnesses, and j
if they should tell a different st'>ry on the
stand she would contradict it under oath..
Mr. Cook had called his clerk to overhear j
the interview in ca«e that there might be
a sinister plot behind the woman.
Cook at once hunted up Policeman j
Rourke and told him what had happened. |
"When the woman was described to Rourke i
he said that he had seen her in conversa- |
tion with Mrs. French, and the revelation
made to him by the lawyer caused him to
Buspect that Mrs. French was working i
against him.
Captain Lees added that he was con
vinced that Rourke was an honest, faith
ful and industrious oflicer and that Mrs. I
French was an honest, well-meaning I
•woman. There was no suspicion in the I
minds of the police authorities that either j
of them had neglected the duty with 1
which they had been intrusted.
The captain was asked why Rourke had
been removed from his old downtown j
beat to one in a lonely part of Hayes Val- |
ley. and he replied tnat the officer had j
overworked himself on the Lane case by
hunting for evidence and following up
clews day and night, in consequence of
which his nervous system had been shat- j
tered. It was he who had discovered and
reported the rim evidence asrainst Lane.
In order to allow Mr. Rourke all the op
portunity poi-s'Lle to wcrk up the case,
Officer Graney was transferred from Hayes
Valley to Clay and Washington streets,
from Kearny to Battery, the beat patroled
by Rourke, while Rourke and Detective |
By ram were detailed to look alter the Lane j
case.
With Lane's acquittal Rourke's detail
ceased and Chief ol Police Crowley, desir
ing to give him a chance to recuperate
from his arduous labors, requested Captain
Wittman to give bin a quiet beat, and
Rourke was sent to Graney's beat in
Hayes Valley, where there are no drunks
or tougns or he ilthy beggers, and where
the midnight sons: of the homeless dog
might soothe his shattered nerves.
Mr. Rourke declined to be interviewed \
on the matter. He said that what he had |
to say had been told by him to Captain j
Lees, and that he (Rourlce) desired to have
the subject dropped. When asked as to
the condition of his nerves he replied that
they were all right.
Mrs. French was in a non-communica
tive mood, and was very angry because
The Call had published the story. She
ilatly refused to talk any further.
IMPURE PARIS GREEN.
Professor TVickgon'g Lecture Before the
Monthly Meeting of the State
Horticultural Society.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
State Horticultural Society yesterday after
noon in the Mills building the constitution
was changed so as to allow meetings 011
the second Friday of each month in Sac
ramento, as well as on the last Friday in
San Francisco. The next meeting will be
held in the State Capitol, bacramento. B.
P. Walton, H. B. Stabler and R. D.
Stephens were appointed to arrange for
the Sacramento meetings.
The president, Mr. Lelone, cave an ex
tempore talk on the use and adulteration
of paris green. Since the last meeting
many samples have been tested and sev
enteen were found heavily adulterated.
Professor E. J. Wicks'on of the State
University addressed the society on the
subject of paris ereen, showing liovr adul
teration can be detected by co-or tests and
microscopic examination. Under the
microscope paris green has a character
istic gloDiilur form, while the adultera
tions appear as whitssh dust or minute
crystalline forms. When these are pres
ent in any considerable amount the paris
green loses its brilliant green shade.
B. F. Walton of Yuba City, B. N. Row
ley of San Francisco and R. D. Stephens
of Sacramento were appointed a commit
tee on legislation and resolutions.
A resolution was adopted requesting all
fruit-growers buying paris green to require
a written guaranty from the dealers that
the material sold them as paris green con
tains at least 50 per cent of arsenimis acids.
Professor Hilgard of the State Univer
sity was invited to address the society at
its next meeting upon the irrigation of
deciduous fruits for tne purpose of devel
oping size and qt«ality.
HAD TO PAY EXTRA FARE
Why Two San Francisco Ladies
Are Suing a Steamship
Company.
Refused a Stateroom That Had Been
Previously Agreed Oa With
the Agent.
An interesting case, involving the lia
bility df corporations to carry out oral
contracts made through their employes,
was tried before Justice of tne Peace
Groezinger yesterday. Mrs. Dora Peyser,
who conducts the Hotel Montrose, corner
of Geary street and Van Ness avenue, and
Miss Julia Lewi?, a teacher in the Clement
Grammar School, took a trip to Europe in
May last, and engaged passage from the
local agents of the Hamburg American
Packet Company.
The laoies, being subject to seasickness,
engaged a stateroom amidships, the num
ber and location of which was noted in the
receipt given for their round-trin passage.
According to their testimony the local
agent expressly agreed that they should
have the same apartment on their return
voyage.
"When the fair tourists presented their
tickets at the European port from which
the ship sailed for the return trip and de
manded their old stateroom they were re
i fused, and in order to secure suitable ac
commodations were compelled to pay $47.^0
extra. Both testified that, though the re
turn trip was no more stormy than the
outgoing journey, they were* made very
seasick through the unfavorable iocation
of their stateroom. •
They sued for the extra passage money
paid and lor enough more for damages to
make up the limit of the Justice Court's
jurisdiction.
The company denied that its agent had
the right to promise the passeneers that
they would be furnished the same state
room, and also claimed that even had such
a stipulation been agreed upon it would
not be binding on the corporation.
Justice Groezinger intimated that he
considered the plaintiffs entitled to a ver
dict, at least, for the amount of the extra
passage money paid, inasmuch as they
had every reason to suppose that they
would receive as suitable accommodations
on the return as on the outward journey.
The matter was taken under advisement.
HOTEL AEEIVAL3.
PALACE HOTEL.
C R Watson, London A X Stevenson, Sacto
L vox, N V O L J-o-ster, R V
C E Small, Kansas City E Wortmann. N V
E T Applegate & w, N V Rev c H Buck A w, N T
Mrs L L Diekerson. X V Miss T L Spuer. X V
Mrs R E Rogers, X V J E Thomps-m, N V
Miss A T Thompson, X V Miss G Burton, X V
I»r E A Lewis <fe w, X V M iss L Ditina-t. H V
Miss C Ditmas, X V J X Mieppard, N V
Miss C X Brainerd, X V Miss M E Krainrrd, H V
8 Danie!s. X V (i X Phelpa. X V
Mrs J J Taylor, X V Mrs W A Tucker, X V
TII Banch> it w, X V Key J A O'Grady, N V
Eev W H Miller, X V J F Oman iz w. H V
E Powell <fe \v. X V' Miss X Powell. N V
.Miss X C Williams, X V Miss N I> Williams, X V
A R Beardsiey <te w, X V J L Wriffht, X V
X A Houston &w, X V M:ss L 8 QoigOTT, X V
Miss E smith. X V .Miss L M Thmyer, X V
Miss F E Treat, X V Miss t; Roberts. X V
J A Ayers, X V Miss E R Ashbridge.X V
Miss L M AshDridge.X V Miss X P Ashbridge, N V
Mrs E E Sanderson, X V' Mrs Q Brown, X V
Miss L H Rice, X V C E Elliott, X V
J>i Johnson &w, X V Mrs E H Burliiißton.N V
Mis E B Butler, X V E II Wilson & w, X V
A v Hewitt, X V M (inuinan, st Louis
C W Oislini;, Pbiladlpha T F Lou<?hlin. Tex
C L Benningbam, X V Mrs CJ L Myers, St Louis
G L Van Worst, Chicago J Cruvens & w; St Louis
Q H llees. Toronto Mrs J M Childs. X \'
F M Childs, N V Mrs ( ! Hewitt. Portland
O F Paxton, Portland J F Plrmmer, X V
Mrs E Jones, Ind O C Goldsmith, Ind
Mrs O CGoldsmith, Ind Miss Shaw, Ind
J if Low, Chicago C A Duff Miller. London
J W Minium. Minturn Mrs E W Xash, Omaha
Miss Xash, Omaha H Pa«;e, Germantown
J W Stout, X V E O Eames. Buffalo
A Ellsworth, De Kolb Miss Ellsworth, De Kolb
H Ellsworth, De Kolb H W Miller, Morristown
Mr« Miller, Morristown J C King Chicago
T R McNeil. X V Mrs McXeil, X V
J A Christie, X V Mrs X Esler. X V
F R Harris. Los Angeles C E Klliot:. Cambridge
W H Cowles, Spokane Mrs C'owles, Spoka c
C, a Williams, Mi. ford Miss D L Fif Id, Miiford
V D Back, Salinas A siiglitz. X V
A EBin^hHrn, Chicago Mrs Biairham, Chicago
MissFßingham.Chicago M iss M Bingham, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
T J Weldon, Ukiah J M Polk, Oakland
F V Flint, Sacramento A B Humphrey, Sacto
J Chaplin. Cal H C Anner, Cal
T Vogt, Alumeda J D (tray, Sacramento
D Bernard, Denver E P Xnanget, Cal
J C unssing-or. Sta Bara W X Alberger, sacto
Slt Paddock, Brooklyn A McDowell, Pleasanton
W Murray, Pl^asanton J Ili-niian. Nev
0 J Bassett, < al A Caist. Buffalo
Mrs a Caist. Buffalo Mrs H Koch, Buffalo
Mrs W M Johns, Sedalla .Miss M Johns, Sedalia
J D fewannon, Mo Mrs L Marshal], Indio
G W Small, Vnma Mrs Q W Small, Yuma
M H < irr, Stockton T F Condon, Xcv
Dr J F (hrlstie, r jia Cruz Dr J A McGuire. Sta Cruz
Mrs J Kendall. San Jose F E KeDdall, San Jose
X A Parker, I-os Ang Dr JAFrazfT&w.SanJose
H Block, Boston C Gerruce. Oakland
J Bunk, Denver J Durham, Denver
A H stewan, salt Lake C H A Larivos <fe w.Mlch
J P DiQsmore, X V Mrs J P Dinsmore. X V
X F Dinsmore. X V J J Brown, Santa Ynez
J Goetizler* w, Reading Master JGoeuzler.Readig
L Doti :ii Aw. Reading Miss Uouth. Reading
Miss A Arnold, Reading Miss 8 Arnold, Reading
w H Osterhont <fe w, Pa W p Thomas. Vkiah
J F White, Pomona c M Marmion, Stanford
C P Adamson, Rutherfd J J Hebbron, Salinas
E J Ray, Lompoc
BALDWIX HOTEL.
J A Squire, WrUbts E B Dasher, X V
W X Hall. Los Angeles J C Shelly, San Jose
Mrs C H Turner, San Jose E J Caldwell, Los Angels
F S Fle;d«fcwf, !~nta Rosa v J Campbell, Vai'ejo
G P Baldwin, Chicago G J Campbell Jr. Vallejo
II H Scouel&w, s-t Louis P S Howard, Modesto
L U Dobie, Chicago J l( Babcock, Chicago
H s trong, Chicago A Walsh, Chicago
M E Coob, St Louis M E Kaufman, X V
W Martin. N V M I" I'elton. X V
R Van der Marden, X J D D Wright, Suisun
D M Woodward, Pitsburg J Thompson, Chicago
L P Stuart, Wrights C E Cobb, Redding
COSMOPOLITAX HOTEL.
H Haddix, Dos Paios R P Willis, Wis
E A Clark, Sonora C C Ortega, Bonore
Q \V Bachman, Chicago .1 1. Kaufman. Chicago
F Eb'-rt. Chicac" H T Arnold. Chicago
H a Schultz, I'ortiand B Coulter, Portland
J E King, Forest Hill J D Jones. Crockett
J Trengov*. Antioch P (iaiiHßher. Donegal
Alex Koiler, C*l J Hudson. Cal
T Armstrong, Willows A Springer, Wis
XEW WESTER X HOTEL.
R C Johnsou, Los Gatos B L Fisher, AUmeda
W\) Uuriifs, Alameda Q Bend, Oakland
M J ConDoy >fe w, Boston A Bland, Boston
J J Brown, Sacramento Dr Benjamin, Stockton
A J Fal'San, London J Hayes, Boston
F McEnerny.Nanta Rosa T ReUey, Denver
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of thn San Francisco Caia
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
comer Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opts
antll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
lit* Muth street, open until 9:30 o'clock,.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896.
- CHPKCH NOTICES.
HF3S' Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Buch-
anan sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence,
309 Halght st. Preaching at 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m.
The pastor will preach nt • both services.". Services
appropriate to Palm Sunday. Subject at 11 a. m.,
••The Triumphant King"; at 7:30 P. M., '-ChrUr.
in the Bethany Home." • Services every night this
week at 7:45. 1 Sunday-school at 12:30 p. M.. C. B.
Perkins superintendent.- Epworth League service
at 6 :30 p. m. The public cordially invitea to all the
services of this church; seats tree; ushers in at-
tendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at
7:46 o'clock.
fjt^g 3 HOVVARD-ST. s METHODIST EPISCO-
i*^ pal Church, bet. Second and Third sts., two
blocks from Palace Hotel— W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor. :; Mr. Martin Schultz, musical director; * W.
F. Gibson, Sunday-school. superintendent. ■• Hours
of public services, 11a.il and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
ing. , Epworth ■ League 6:30 Sunday •: evening.
Morning sermon by Rev. Kenneth • Duncan.
Evening lecture by the pastor on "The Case of
Two Criminals." After-meeting conducted by the
Misses Barker and Anderson. Pastor's residence.
212 Powell St.; telephone, black 1131 : church
telephone, black 961. .
21Z3S* CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
m^£r Church," Mission St., between Sixth and Sev-
enth. The pastor, Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, will {preach
morning and evening".' : Morning subject, "The
Lepers Cleansed": evening, "A Young Man's Diffi-
culties With His Bible." Sunday-school, R.V.
Watt superintendent, at 1 p. m.; young people's
meetings at 6:30 p. M. .
pF3§=» FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
I*3s'- cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert • Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H.
.links, co-pastor.'.; Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. M. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 iv M. Sunday-
school at 12:45 p. M. ; Young People T s society of
Christian /Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are , welcome to
these services. ' ."-'-•-" '
jjjFsp" UN I -SQUARE . FREE BAPTIST
I*3s' Church (open communion), Bush St., near
Larkin — Rev. William N. Meserve. pastor, will
preach, March 29. Morning service at 11; even-
ing at 7-30. Morning subject, -Dead Faith."
Evening subject. "An. Obscure Hero." Sunrise
meeting- at 7 o'clock, twelve churches represented.
Sunday-school 12:30; Juniors 5:.; Endeavorers
6:30- Prayer-meeting Wednesday "evening. Mr.
Norris, organist, provides worshipful and inspiring
music. ' - ■ '
SUNDAY MEETINGS. - ' •
ij^^~ME^r^b'pOLTrA^^T^M^LE", fifth
i*3y st., near Market— Sunday, March 29. 1896,
Bp.M., lecture: "Is the Bible a True Book?" In
other words, is it an inspired revelation from God?
Admission free. W.H.Vance. ■
NOTICE OK 31.Kfc.TIM.Hs.
!Bp^^~EXCE£ilOR LODGE NO. 166. F. •
i*^^ and A. M.— special meeting SUN-.^^_
DAY, March 29, at 1 o'clock p. m., for theTKjr
purpose of conducting the funeral of our'^r^
deceased brother, ANDREW JOHNSTON, late
from London, England. By order of the W. M.
THEO. E. SMITH, Sec.
BJ^-» REGULAR SESSION OF (iOL-R /»
6*35' den Gate Encampment No. 1, 1.0.'V 1 '
O. F., will be held in Encampment Hall 'x\.
THIS {SATURDAY) EVENING, March^ V
28, a. 8 o'clock. A full attendance is solicited, as
amendments to the by-laws will be considered.
H. C. GEORGE; Scribe.
Itrgp MEMBERS OF PICNJC COM- srsx
tt-i? mittee of St. Patrick's Alliance of ry£J9*7>
America are earnestly requested to at- «4yn
tend meeting THIS EVENING at K. R. V_~ijr~J
B. Hall, at 8:30 o'clock, to make arrange- ■"*<>■*'
ments for first annual picnic at Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael, Sunday, April 19. By order,
JOHN <;ANEY, Chairman.
Pktek Tamony, Secretary.
MISSION to ISRAEL, CAMBRIAN
iS3? Hall. 1133 Mission st. The next meeting
on Tuesday evening, March 31. will be addressed
by Rev. M. P. Boynton. Jews are especially invited.
St7g=" ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
?SZ& annual, meeting of stockholders of the
Western Sugar Refining Company will be held at
the office of the company,3 27 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 30th day of
March, 1896, at the hour of 12 o'clock m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as mar come before the meeting.
Transfer-books will close '■ on Friday, March 20,
1896, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBFRT OX V A RD. Secretary.
SFECIIL NOTICES.
eTkcTeD^FOR^T;
w-» collections made, city 'or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy room 6. Tel. 5580.
Bfc^Sp WINDOWS. CiiEANEU AND FLOORS
S-jS" scrubbed: reasonable rates: payment for
<Jair>Bgp< riis;at:tPfil. C. KOSSI A CO.. 242 Slitter.
~ dividend notices.
e^^^at^T^g^xa^llieleting^of^the
(t^y Board of Directors of the California Wine
Association, dividend No. 2, of $1 25 per share, was
declared payable on and after March 31: books of
transfer close Thursday, March 26, 1896.
H. VAN BEHGEN, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FE3IALE.
pOMPETENT GE RMAN WOMAN, WITH~A
\J child, desires situation: good cook: country;
$10 to $15; references. MISS CULLEN, 320 But-
ter st. - .■• . • ;
ituations wanted by a number of
girls; cooking and housework. HVa Antonla
St., off Jones, near Ellis.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION:
\J cooking or housework; country preferred. M.
D., box 72, Call Office. . " ' .
FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK
-T by the day: thoroughly understands all kinds
of work. 368 Clementina st.
')MPETE,NT YOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE
\J for housework; willing to assist with children.
Please call 1% Russst., near Howard.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework. ' Call or address 136 Fif-
teenth st. '
YOUNG GIRL, 17, WANTS SITUATION IN
X store; 56 per week. Room 96, 1170 Market st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES LIGHT HOUSE-
X work in Catholic family. Address 1123
Howard st.
"DEFINED, MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD
XV take charge of small lodging-bouse for a home.
Address R. W.. box 119, Call Office.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. .-, Call at 1020 Market St., room
20, second floor. . - . , ■
EXPERIENCED GIRT WISHES TO .DO
Xj housework: city or country, Address 63 Shi t>-
ley St., near Fifth. ■•
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY, SPEAKING ENG-
XV lish and ' German, wishes situation as night
nurse to children in institution or family: experi-
ence; references; $20 to $25. E. ii., 339 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED . MIDDLE - AGED LADY
Xj wishes position: hotel, springs, sanitarium or
housekeeper. Address MISS DUNCAN, 224
Tenth st. for 1 week. . .
OUSEKKEPER; COMPANION: CHARGE
of house in owner's aoscnee; valuable in any
responsible position. Call 12 to 4, 7 Van Ness aye.
pIRL WANTS POSITION AS NURSE OR
VJ nurse governess. Address F., Young Women's
Christian Association. : . -
OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS SlTU-
ation; city or country good cook and general
houst-worker. 545? Mission st. •.''■"•
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES ANY
X kind of work by the day. Address 29 Minna
St., between First and Second.
I [FRENCH WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO WORK
X! by the day. washing, ironingand housecleaning;
is i,-oo(1 nurse, too; good references. .Call or ad-
dress 1012 Nineteenth st., near Castro. ~>
I ADY WITH LITTLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
JLi atlon as cook for men or widower's family; city
or country. Apply 313 Fourth St., room 13, second
floor. . :
W IDOW OF 30, GOOD CH A RACIER, WISH
• 'position as working housekeeper or any posi-
tion where a capable, intelligent person is required ;
references. Call 122 Turk si.
IRST-CLASS COOK FOR AN INSTITUTION:
city or country: first-class references. Call or
address 325 Sutter st. ;: .'."■>
pHAMBERMAID WANTS A SITUATION IN
\J the country. Address M. C, 202 Second st.
ELI ABLE. COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS
Xt a situation to assist in small private family;
moderate wages. Call or address 226 Filbert st. ,
SITUATION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
0 wanted ■by Scotch ■ woman : 6 years in last
place; first-class references. Address S. H., box
118, Call Office.
"EXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
Hi to nurse sick lady or children. Please call
2115 Powell st.
* N EXPERIENCED INFANT'S NURSE OR
t\ lady's maid wishes position; wages $30. 520
Jones st." . .
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL, WAGES $15.
X wants place to do housework; sleep home. Ibs
Silver st.?-.; - -  • /.-■ : . ; |•' ;- --. ;_~ ■
LDERLY WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK
by the day, week or month; best of reference.
7 Van »NeBs aye. : . .
1 y OMAN :« WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
-.»"- keeper In country; small wages for good home.
Call oraadress 117 Julian aye.. between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, Valencia and Mission. . • ■ r..
YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE;SITUATION TO
X mind baby, or would do upstairs work. Apply
418 Grove St., in rear. : . , , -. :
\7OUNG. LADY; WISHES POSITION AS
1 cashier in restaurant; city or country; best of
references if required. Call or address 128 Turk st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TH!Rn~ST.~NiC
» » Market: 200 rooms : * 25c to *1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient kDd respectabla:
lree bus to and from the ferrr. . -• \ -.7 : . , ■ :
» * \VEcK S NEWS ' FOR "• 5 "?- CENTS— THE
-TV WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDer, for mailing.
SITL A. 5 \V .V.. 1 i.ij -31 ALB,.
PC. COOK'S UPpTnS^sTooKsT: ALL
. branches ;ghort notice. 14 1 1—1 1 tel.Uran:46. V
UNTEK & CU., CHINESE AND a JAPAN-
i esc employment office, •; 17 Webb ; St.. below
Kearny. bet. California and ■ Sacramento: ' teL 231. i
JAPANESE AND CHINESE -EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: let. Grant 30. ;
1 \HINESEAND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\.i office; best help. .414% O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
I* Y GOOD COOK: UNDERSTANDS BAKING;
J-> strictly temperate. : Add. H., box 136, Call. , r
_ '' S TTPATIOMS i TEP-Contlnwid.
WA NTED-PLACE FOR MAN. AND . WIFE;
> experienced creamery man: first-class butter
and cheese -maker; to run a creamery or make
butter and • cheese ,In cheese factory ; wife a good
cook, r call or address J. X., 621 Commercial st.
IpiRST-CLASS , MAN WANTS SITUATION;
teaming or any other work; thoroughly, under-
stands handling and care of horses. G. 8., box 96,
Call office. .y .; -';; ; , \ ;•;■'."
YOUNG. GERMAN WOULD LIKE TO GET
? J. t employment about a place; is a good gardener;
can take care of horses, etc. Address, G. ■ G., box
74, Call Office. [ : ■■"■■;:.■■■■''.; -'.-;-■■•.;:•:;■■■'• ' ■'..-■
; JAPANESE, BEST COOK. WANTS TO ASSIST
0• It family: city or country. Address HARRY,
box B9, this office. •-. ;;.. . .•
MAN HANDY WITH PAINTERS' AND CAR-
penters' tools, repairing of furniture, and also
can do general housework. ■;. B. W., 1000 Webster.
pOACHMAN — YOUNG EASTERN MAN
\J wishes situation in gentleman's place: thor-
oughly understands his business; years of New
York City reference* Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento St.. S. F. ; :; ; ,. ■ 1 ■
WHO KNOWS WHERe A STEADY. SOBER
.»»: man can get something to do to keep his fam-
ily from starving? . Am penniless and wages no ob-
ject. Address W. W., box 105, Call.
MART BOY, 12 YEARS OF AGE, WISHES A
O situation In store or office. > Address 139 Fourth
St., room 19. '' • ■ t ■■-.'
pOACHMAN, ENGLISH, THOROUGHLY UN-
XJ defstands his business: also garden and cows;
first-class Eastern and California references. Ad-
dress T. T., 1727 Everett, st., Alameda, Cal.
SITUATION, UNDER-WAITER, ASSISTANT
cook or dishwasher or can milk cows: young
man of 17; sober and industrious. Box 22, Call
Office, Oakland.
Y -.YOUNG MAN TO DRIVE 'DELIVERY
wagon, tend horses, do any kind of on 'door
work; lives with parents: has best of ■ references.
676 Twenty-seventh St., Oakland. .'.,,:- - ''
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH:
man first-class farm hand and handy with
tools: wife is a good cook. Address W. G., box
122, Call Office.
1 EXPERIENCED MAN WISHES A BITUA-
XLJ tion, in furniture-store preferred; soeaks Ger-
man, French and English. Address S., box 73, Call.
STRONG MAN, 29, WANTS ; POSITION OF
0 any kind;, small wages. Call L. T., Winches-
ter House, Third st.
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER, YOUNG
V' man, wishes situation in gentleman's place;
thoroughly understands his business; has first-class
references. Please address C. G., box 48, Call.
UTLER AND CHAMBERMAID. ' COMPE-
tent French couple, want situations In private
family; best references: from Paris; cityorcoun-
try. P. F., 804 Taylor st. - '
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HOUSEXvTmK^GTRLTsTOCKTON, $25; OAK-
land. $25; Benicla, $25; Salinas, $20; Monte-
rey County. $16: 20 housework girls, city. $20 and
$25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Sutter st. . • -:. -
OUSEWOBK WOMAN, COUNTRY, $15;
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER OR FRIEND,
housework, Stockton, $20. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. - ■ ■„
. WOMAN FOB HOUSEWORK, $25: YOLO
» ' County; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st.
"L^RENCH . GIRL, PLAIN WASHING, $26,
X 1 private family: second work and wishing, $25;
nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. ,
"VTEAT. COOK. RESTAURANT. $26 AND
Xi room; 2 hotel waitresses, $20 each: |res-
taurant waitress, $5 per ■ week: cook, boarding-
house, 35. MIsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
vJ girl, San Mateo, $15; no wash; 2 in family.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st,
1 ERMAN LUNCH COOK: HOURS 11 TO 2;
' ' $20. MIS-; CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
pO' >K, CITY, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUT-
\J ter st. ' ; - ' . - •
KrtMAN SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Suiter st. -
W ANTE — PROTESTANT SECOND GIRL
* » for country, $25, expenses paid, sue lad ■ here;
also girl for general housework on ranch. $25, see
party here: neat housework girl, Oakland, $.5:
cook for few men, $25; second girl, Oakland, $25 ;
10 girls for country places, $25 and $20; 50 house-
work girls for city. 4>J5 and $20; German or Scan-
dinavian seamstress, $25. Apply MISS PLUN K-
ETT, 4_4 Sutler St.
\\TAITHESS, $20; CHAMBERMAID, $20; j
»' girl . for housework, 2 in family, $20; cook,
$25; nursegirl, $15. MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis st.
ANTED— WAITRESS FOR SPRINGS, $20;
'» 2 French maids, 1 city and 1 country, $25;
German second and grown children. $25: laun-
dress, country, $25; chambermaid, hotel, $25; ex-
perienced waitress, small restaurant. $15 and
room: cook for ranch, 525. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.YJ&'sgV
ANTED— cook, PRIVATE HOSPITAL,
»» $30, see lady here at 11:30 to-day: cook, pri-
vate boarding-house, $35, and a large number of
German and Scandinavian girls to fill situations in
city and country too numerous to advertise. J. F.
CBOSETT <_ CO., 312 Suiter st.
2 WAITRESSES, CITY HOTEL, $18; WAIT-
— ress, country hotel, $15;. first-class German or
Scandinavian cook, with references, .$25. C. R.
HANSKN _. CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— GERMAN NURSE, PALO ALTO,
1* $15, $20,' see party at 11; nurse. 1 child,
sleep home, $15; dishwasher, restaurant, $15;
cooks, housegirls. Call AIME. LEOPOLD, 20
Stockton st.
»V ANTED— SO WOMEN AND GIRLS FOR
'» private families and notels. city and country,
$15 and $20. MURRAY -REAM, 631 Clay st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY. HOTEL, $20; WAlT-
ress for help at Sanitarium, $18. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
\\ T A_TRES S, COUNTRY .HOTEL, $20. HO-
>' TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ANTED — AN. INTELLIGENT LADY TO
represent a large manufacturing house; one
with no incumbrance preferred. Address D. O. &
CO.. box 127, Call Office. • -- 5
WANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR BAKERY,
wages $15; also girls for general housework.
Room 10, 921 Broadway, Oakland. • -
\\r ANTED — EXPERIENCED FINISHERS
'' and apprentices on c'oaks and shirts. LOW-
EN'i HAL'S, 914 Market st. X"
T\r ANTED— lady to keep HOUSE for-2
'» gentlemen: country; wages $10. Address S.,
box 48, Call Office.
(TWO LADIES WANTED FOR DIRECTORY
Xwork; must he experienced; $2 per day. Co-
operative Publishing Co., 12 Montgomery st.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
vJ work and cooking: wages $20. 933 Halght st.
ATE AT GIRL TO MIND BABY, ASSIST
XI light housework: $6: good home. 1919 Hyde.
"\roUN.. GIBL.TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK ;
; X wages $8. 41 Sanchez st. ". • ■ ■
pOOD WAITRESS WANTED. CENTRAL
VJT. Hotel, 630 Third st. %
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 615
McAllister st. .
pOMPETENT DOWNSTAIRS GIRL; GOOD
\J plain cook and laundress- 1816 Washington st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
Vj housework and cooking. Call 603 Haight st.
p IRL TO WORK BY HAND ON SHOP COATS".
vJT 473 Tehama st. ■ ~ .'
"VTURSE ,TO ASSIST WITH 2 CHILDREN,
Vi aged 3 and 5 years; colored girl preferred;
must have good references; wages $10. Call 941
Golden Gate aye. \
COMPETENT GIRL TO. DO PLAIN COOKING
\J and washing; wages $15. Call 941 Golden
Gate aye. Saturday, bet. 10 and 2 o'clock. ■ .
Y OUNG GIRL TO MIND CHILDREN : SLEEP
Xat home. 1019 Fair Oaks st. ; ■
rA TED— LITTLE CHILD TO CARE FOR;
*' good home. MRS. BATTLER, 712 Union st.
GOOD SEWERS FOR CORSET-MAKING.
Call from Bto 11, 26 y a Kear.iy st., room 2. i
\y ANTED— PUPILS IN. MILLINERY
" classes:: day and evening; terms reasonable;
elegant 'goods to work with. - 1104 Market st.,
room 32, second floor. ' * . " ' :
T?IRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE BUT
J first-class need apply. ,: 604 Sutler st. ; ■ . '.
A PPRENTICEsi TO LEAKN DRESS CUT-
-t\- ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68.
TTAIRDRESSING. 26c AND 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes: 10 lessons,sr 6o. 1248 Mission.
TARESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
X/ quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell. - v
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
''Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: - 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 id $6 per
week: f"»e bus to and from the ferry. ' ■' . ■
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hou^. 44 Third St.. near Market;
'.00 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 to to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry. " ft'HFJHfc'l' j.fflhiffilil
T AWBENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
■i cutt'.ne school. 1231 Market st.-Oft. Bth and 9th.
;. >!;*__. il K. 1. 1" W A l_D.
/i*O~ME>r WA NTE_T "to-15 AYTFBONrTTs^TO
UO $70 per month and found; at MURRAY *.
READY, leading employment agents, 634 and 636
Clay st. ' ;.".■ ■"• ■ .-.., ■■„,■■,:-, , ■-; , : ■ : ;-' -.•;. .^v-;/;: ;■-*:.;
C RAILROAD TKAMSI 8 . FARMERS,
O $20; 5 farmers, orchard and vineyard hands,
$15; 3 '-wood-choppers: choreooy; vegetable gar-
dener: boy: to drive: milk wogon. ■ MURRAY &
READY, leading employment agents, 634 and 636
Clay st. , :_■ ■'■;■■:■.;;; •;-. ■• . .■•. ■,-■■,•■ ;. ;,.>; : ..• : :\ , ■.:■.-•■
ARMER AND WIFE: SIGN PAINTER; 3
wire-nail operators, $2 50 a. day; * Ironer. «■ St.
Clair machine; camp cook, $40; 6 cooks, 840, $50
and $70: 2 dlshweshers: 5 waiters. $26 and $30;
and others. Only food help wanted, at MURRAY
& READ »', leading employment agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. ... .U. ■<•...- ..'.■> ; ■•-. ;^
*;AD COOl), $65, ; ROOM, ETC., COUNTRY
hotel; also dishwasher, $20, room," etc.; call
early. »- MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st. - : ' ■■- ..■•,;•. ■■■- ■ ' '-
T(\ TEAMSTERS. • C. B. HANSEN A CO., 110
-L " Geary st. , r ■.:-:;■' ,:>_.. /. -■-.•.■■.•"-".:■.;,- ■
' OOTBLACK WANTED. 2439 . MISSION ST. ;
i-J barber-shop. . \. -.''. ..•..v : .V. ■; r t: 1'
•\\,- ANTED— DISH Wa 8H ER, r. AT 1504 KEN-
iS »» tucky St., Potrero, at BEIDY'S HOTEL. ." «
. " -• - -■: *'".■■"-■ - *•*-. .■ 'i .-.■■"■■--.■■- .'■ ■ ;*■■, ■•>;■■. 7.-- ■■ . .• F .■-■.■
PFT.F WAKTEO-Contlnnml.
* LASKA GOLD FIELDS. ' i , ',
J\- The fan sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15. weather permit-
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply 1 to FRED HOLMES,
Shipbroker and Agent, 606 Battery st. , : ".■:'■ t
IV ANTED— STRONG BOY WHO IS WILL-
• ' ing to work around ore and go' errands; refer
ences required. After 9:30 a. M. LOEvVEN-
THAL'S, 914 Market st. .
,X DVERTISING SOLICITORS WANTED FOR
-r_ directory; first-class well-known : men only.
Co-operative Publishing Co., 12 Montgomery st,
pLERK .i FOR GROCERY; WELL AC-
Aj quainted in city and business. Address, with
references only, O. E. P., box 932, Call Office. ■-
ANTED— BARBER; GOOD SINGLE MAN;
.'' steady work, on Monday. 604 Valencia st.
OOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY, $3; ONE
for evening. 525Va Fourth st. ;■ . .
BARBER FOR SATURDAY- AFTERNOON
and Sunday. 872V_ Howard St. • -
ARBER FOB SATURDAY: NO PERCENT-
age work; call early. 862 Mission st.
L) ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 131 SECOND
■X) street. ■ - '•>-■ ■- ' "■ •■ ' ' ' -':■".*
BARBERS FOR SATURDAY, AND SUN-
day; 1 for Sunday; good wages. 1317 Stockton.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
1630 Mission st.
BOY FOR STATIONERY STORE. - APPLY,
after 9 o'clock, 713 Larkin st. .
ECOND COOK FOB RESTAURANT. 207
Second st. . . .
HIRT POLISHER WANTED. GOLDEN
Gate Steam Laundry, Lombard and Steiner. V
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> incur, secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant are. S. FUCHS.
AKBERS 1 ASSOCIATION Or" CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238y 2 O'Farrell.
A BSISTANT MALE IEACHER IW AN .IN-
xV stitution, who will also be required to »sslst in
care of ; boys during day and evening. . Address P.
R. 8., box 138, this office, with references and
amount of compensation expected, with board and
lodging Included. r - .
BY OCR 10c MEALS AND GET A SHAVE
free. ' New Idea Restaurant, 639 Kearny st. .
DEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
X) courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
rpBAVELING SALESMAN ON COMMISSION.
X 1 arrant Glove Co.. 1435 Market St., S. F.
OOD LOCATION FOR COALYARD, BLACK-
smith-shop. carpenter, plumber or second-hand
furniture. 1&60 Market st. ; rent $25. * ; ; ' ' '- 1 -;, i
VKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-L\ 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open ait night.
T> ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
Xt Prompt collections: references. 512 Montg'y.
TT'NERGETIC YOUNG OR MIDDLE-AGED
:X_ man for permanent employment: must have
$40 cash. C. X., box 15, Call office. ..
ANTED— 6OO"MEN~BE_HIVE, BEST 10c
.'», meal in town, 642 Sacramento st. ~
PEDDLERS WANTED TO SELL WOOD; AP-
X ply at once. ' 647 and 549 Brannan st. .
E-.T PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st. '
I/I ST-CLASS PAINTER ON BODY WORK,
X I striping, ornamenting, lettering, varnishing,
etc.; none but a first-class man need apply. The
Waltz Safe, 109-111 Market st.
W ANTED— TO COLLECT WAGES DUE
»» laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sinter st.
X ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission St., between First and Second sts.
jjOY WANTED TO LEARN WATCHMAKER'S
V> trade:- must come of • respectable parentage.
Address Expert, box 61, this offici .'-: ■
ROSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; 1-1 to $4 week: open ail night.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it. ;
W HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
«' St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 26c a night, SI a wpek: meals 10c.
WANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues. 3. F. Barber. School, 1515 Howard st.
\/[ EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
1»1 nearly new, 26c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863V_ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $3 week:
EN'S J&-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ffljl TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS:
<~pJL large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"'to know that Ed Kolkla, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third •_: 150
large rooms: 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market: 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry. - ■
1 j|A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
1 v \J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls. '
624 Washington st., near Kearny. • ' ■
EST IN CIT _ — SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
26 cents per nigh: ; $1, 91 26, $1 60 par weelc
1 acitic House .Commercial and Leidesdorfz sts. -
WANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'•» steam beer. 6c: bottle wine. 5c 609 Clay st.
L>KEE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOIi 6c;
X also a bottl tof lager, 6c, at 637 Clay st. .-'■■;
rr\HY ACME hUISK, 957- MARKET -ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a nkht: $1 » week. ;
W ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
' 1 week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. ■
AGENTS WANTED.
X GENTS GOOD SELLER; SMALT'aAP^
XV ital: city and country. 117 Valencia st.
p.ANVASSERS FOR SWIFT-SELLING SPE-
\J cialties: women. Call room 60, 18 Mason St.,
from 9 to 11:30 a. m. . • •
MEN OR WOMEN, CITY OR COUNTRY,
call or send 12 cents for sample and terms. P.
C. Mfg. Co., 826 Twenty-first St.. Oakland.
FI'KNITUKE WANTED
ALL O N~~jTc. MUtHER, J S2I "kEARNY.IF
you want highest cash price for your furniture
or merchandise of any kind.
MALb.NE PAYS 20 PER- CENT MORE
than elsewhere . for furniture : to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth at.'
pASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNI TUBE. .fA-
\J COB SCHWKRDT. 821 Misn'On. het. 4tli A sth.
HOUSES WANTED.
TIT \AN TE Td— TO R E INT cbTTAG-ToFTo R~6
*» rooms; state rent; 3 In family. Address C M '
box 108, Call Office. :
ANTED— COTTAGE OR FLAT: GOOD LO-
ca lity; rent between $10 to $15. Ad.4loCapp.
800 lIS WANTED.
OR 2T~FU«NISHED HOUSEKEEPING
rooms; central- Address, 620 Bush; F. AN-
PERSON. : ■- ■■■-'•■ ■■■--'
WaNTEU-MISCELLANEOPS.
r'^^oo^D^ s^_C'7jn_ChanxT sa^e7^"we?ght
T about ■ 5000 pounds; cheap for cash. Apply
205 Crocker building. " -: •• ■ .- . ':
ANTED-OOOD HANDCART. ADDRESS
TT H. C, box 128, Call Office.
ANTED— IO,OOO TO 20,000 GALLON WA-
!»' ter-tank: second hand. JACOB i.EYMAN,
room 5, Crocker building: ■. , ' , :
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
; lost. :
|rewar^^lo^,onTe^h^r^^egged
«Jp L \J red Dachshund, with tag No. 2276. Return
to 92 Everett St.. cor. Four.h, J. B. REINHARDT.
I OST— A PASS-BOOK WITH THE HIBERNI A
J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of MARY KEEGAN, No. 73417. The
finder will please return to bank. - ; •.
I THURSDAY. AN ENGLISH PUG DOG.
JU Finder please return to . SE. cor. -Scott and
Green sts. and receive reward. . . ?.■
LOST — B&HH DLKf~WHIfE , GREYHOUND.
X_ Return to 129 O'Farrell st. and receive liberal
reward.",?;'- ■"■■;■<: ■. . . :■•-: ,
I ROLL OF MUSIC ON COR. OF MAR.
J ket and Powell i sts. V Leave at Temple Emanu-
El promptly and receive reward. • . ;• . " ;
OST OR STOLEN— 6 GEESE. RETURN TO
J A. CASWELL, Eighteenth . aye., South San
Francisco; reward.; ■.- :. ; ; '
OST-BLUE GREYHOUND. LIBERAL BE-
ward on return to 868 Howard st. r
OST-B L ACK~ST7 "bERN t AB_TdOG: HALF
J white tail;.; weighs 115 pounds. Liberal re-
ward at 142 Berry st. v :.
I OST— GREEN* POLLY. REWARD IF R_-
i turned to 134 West Park, : Holly Park. • >;
OAKLAND 8 O'CLOCK BOAT, A < PURSE
with money and papers. . Return to this office;
>5 reward.--' '-'-.:•■- .-.:... - ■-■.-.
■'. : ■ ■'-■;;■ ..::■ ■ . FOUND. [-:■:.-''. '/■ :■■■:.■
: poul^-^vvo^(w~s^^
X same by proving and paying expenses. Twenty-
seventh and Folsom sts. . ... .- ; -•■• :•.:.■:. ; .. . ;
;T^OUND— A4COW.VAT, BAY VIEW RANCH.
I " near Five-mile House, San Bruno road. 7. Owner
can r have' her by proving property, pay expenses.
POUND-BLACK DANISH PUP. ; 81 NINTH
_ street." ■--•■'.■■■■'•■'•."'•-.-■---■•••'-'■-■- ■ ■:'■'■ ■ : ' ■^.•^
'■"■—--:;■- ;;;: TO 'LEASE;' ,■' -.- : . . ;■ ._
nno LEASE— 2BO FEET FRONT, ON, BAY ST.,"
X bet. Powell and Mason, by average depth of 140
feet, with buildings and power if required; admir-
ably suited to cannery; or. other purposes. « : Apply
California Wire Works. 332 Bay St.: or 8 Pine st. ■•■■
- '-: ■.:;. :.;-.;: ;.. BICKCLES. : ;;,;- : v,;y.,. ..
AKK CYCLER Y^NEWTWHKELS TO LET;
X best I accommodations. Terminua 1 Omit. - _> '
1 Alllster and Powell su car hue* . . ;■- • :
/'■BrsiMEsvxnAyCTiN. j O
(rnqOX CIGAR-STORE AND BARBER-
tipO^J«J«- shop on Market st. ; must be sold: at a
great bargain. - JOHNSTON, 26Va_Kearny st .- ::,
Q>T~>J~~. RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-SA-
-1«3)1 I O. loon: best location in the city: every-
thing new: good trade: low rent; a sure bargain.
JOHNSTON & CO., 26% Kearny sW
©1 KA FISH~sfORE"WITH ROUTE OF 250
tj> 1017. customers: horse and wagon; clearing
$75 monthly. ; JOHNSTON' & CO., 26^t Kearny.
lS* r 7l\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
tjh I UU. very central; 2 living-rooms; present
owner 9 years. JOHNSTON; 2Si/ a Kearny st. . ■■■■
iZM linn RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
<inXOUU. bouse: first-ciass running order:
daily receipts $65 to $70: full investigation solicit-
ed; will exchange for good city real estate, si h.2>-
BERG <fe CO.. 632 Market st. . ' •
(8.0-A RESTAURANT IN HEART OF
«mOOU. city: business speaks for itself; well
worth $500; sold a 1 sacrifice account of . death.
STENBERG, 632 Market St. '
■ Gavnnn bakery in alameda; first-
-S)ZUUU. class running order: one : delivery
wa?on: daily receipts $35 to $40: mostly cash
countertrade: trial allowed parties meaning busi-
ness. BTENBERG & CO., 632 Market st. .:
(IAA, 1 PARTNER IN PLUMBING AND
«JpZUU". gashttins business: full line steel and
castiron ranges, laundry stoves an* broilers: In-
voice $6000; established 20 years. STENBEHG
A CO., 632 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
\\r ANTED-PARTNERIN LUNCH-COUNTE It
»» and coffee saloon: daily receipts $27 to $35;
guaranteed to clear good wages; rare chance: $300
required. STENBERO & CO., 632 Market st. .
c; Qnnn hotel AND BAR; : INCLUDES
tC>«jUUU. buildings in prosperous town 20 miles
from city, near railroad -depot: considered finest
family and summer resort; r.iost desirable class
guests: 18 rooms, bar. dining-rooms, parlors, bowl-
ing alley, garden and promenade grounds cover-
ing 2 acres; clears $500 to $600 monthly during
average seasons: bar trade good year round; low
ground rent: one possessing average ability may.
here acquire fortune within few years; fullest
Investigation offered. M. LESS CO., 783Va Mar-
ket; nr. Fourth. - ■•'■.■-
-sl'|/w\A ELEGANT SALOON, NORTH
-LUUU . Market, vicinity of Baldwin; 6 private
rooms; bar well fitted up: good stock with best
lass customers: worth double; proof. M. LE&S
CO., 783 V 2 Market.
<sil jj^A RESTAURANT AND BAR ACROSS
«JpXUOI/» the bay: .6 private rooms; fine fix-
tures; large stock: daily receipts $45 to $50; proof;
sickness cause. M. LESS & CO., 783Va Market.
(£»(iAA CORNER FAMILY LIQUOR-STORE,
ispV\J\J. saloon and- cipar-stand combined: in
choice portion Western Addition: 4 living-rooms:
large stock; cheap rent. M. LESS CO., 783^i
Market st. ' . .
1 I \(\l\ BARBER - SHOP: first-class:
<U>IUUU. vicinity Baldwin; 4 chairs; best
custom; jr. eat offer. M. LESS & CO.; 7831/2 Mar-
ket, nr. Fourth. ' •.:.'.'- . •
¥TTaa CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
W I'JUU. Western Addition: value of stock
$1000: receipts $1200 per month; good horse and
wagon: large route:: big Oar trade; established 10
years: owner retiring. M. LESS A CO., .783%
Market St., near Fourth.
(JJJOAAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
<IPZiUUU. best part Western Addition; fine fix-
tures, handsome , bar; near y full value in stock
alone; monthly receipts from $800 to $1000; best
class custom; muse be seen to be appreciated. M.
LESS & CO., 783% Market st., near Fourth. . ,
|.f)AA A GREAT SACRIFICE; HOME
'iriJ\J\J. bakery; cheap at $500: doing business
of $15 day: proof given: choice location: rent only
$17: trial. BARKETT * SKIFF, 9-' l Market st.
*Qk A SALOON: BEST BLOCK MARKET ST;
iRrJUyj. worth doblne* great bargain; don't
miss this BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
JV^An PAYING RESTAURANT: No. 1 LO-
tJpUUU. catinn; finely fitted: low rent; don't
miss this. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
<K1 CA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
ltllf. notion store; 4 finely furnished rooms;
A 1 location ; rents $14: receipts $3 to $5 day. Ap-
ply BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
(JjQXA COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE, NEAR
»JpOUU. Sixth and Market: receiptsslsa day;
low rent. BARRETT, <te SKIFF, 921 Market st. ,
ATOTICE —TO SELL. YOUR BUSINESS
xl promptly for cash. HEALY & C 0.,123 Kearny.
ELEGANTLY FITTE.D-UP LIQUOR SALOON
Xj vicinity Market and Geary : business of $20 per
■ day: make offer. HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
Q9'A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
<jx>Ok)\J. loon: business $25 per day; vicinity
Palace Hotel ; call to-day. HEALY. 23 Kearny st.
IF INK. SALOON ACROSS THE BAY: 6 FUR-
nlshedrms.: bargain. HEGARTYMOO4 Market.
(JJjOAA CORNER GROCERY: BAR: LARGE
»IpOUU« fresh stock; living-rooms; good, steady,
trade: must sell; positive bargain. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st.
Oil ?\nn BUYS HALF-INTEREST IN LIV-
J. O\J\J. cry and boarding stable in heart of
city ; clears $300 per month. COI.TON, 906 Mar-
ket st. •
(&QAA MILK BUSINESS; ESTABLISHED
*J)OUU. 1878; 14 cows, fine trade, 3 horses,
wagon, buggy, etc.: also 5 fresh thoroughbred
cows, producing 6 cans daily; sell with or without
cows; fine house and grounds; rent $15; clears
$100 monthly: sickness cause. 421 Eighth aye.,
near Point j_/Obos. - -
ANTED— AN ACTIVE. KEEN BUSl-
u ess man with $2500 to take an interest in
the king of all slot machines ; actually deals cards;
not 1 but 20 can play at once;* $2000 a month
siire«i>rorU; money wanted to manufacture ma-
chines. Address D. C. box 136, Call Office.
. (CjOOA A RARE OPPORTUNITY; A VERY
'j-^Uu. good retail an.l wholesale fancy gro-
ceries and delicacies store for sate on account of
sickness. 112 Third st. . .
HELVING, COUNTERS, SHOWCASES AND
O stock of small bakery, $25. PHILBRICK,
2548 Folsom st.
p IVEN AWAY: FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
vT business; on account of departure. Apply this
office. l
IjUTCHERS; »550; I WANT TO LEAVE FOR
• ) Alaska by April 15; best cash business in the
city. Address G. R., box 72, Call Office. •
fij'AA BUYS THE BEST COFFEE AND
tIpUUU oyster parlor in city; owner must leave
in three days. Address A., box 16, Call Office.
\\r ANTED —PA RTN E R; NO WILD"CAT
• » scheme.' Inquire 1119 Eighteenth St., near
Castro; no agents.
STEADY, SOBER MAN WITH $500 TO BUY
half interest in a good-payl ns butcher-shop;
take charge books, collections; butcher preferred.
Saloon, 30 Fourth st , 10 to 11 a. m.
pIGAR-STORE: GOOD LOCATION: MUST
VJ sell on account of other business. Inquire 36
Eddy st. • ■
\y OR KING PARTNER: RESTAURANT;
«» small capital required; good running order.
8., box 46, Call Office. - t '
pOALYARD FOR SALE; HORSES, WAGONS,
■VJ etc.; good trade: house rent free; long lease;
no agents. ■ Apply at this office.
p OOD BRANCH BAKERY FOR SALE. 2007
-.vT Fill mote St.. '• . ' • r-,
ARGAIN FOR RESTAURANT PEOPLE;
good | chance for right party. - 8., box 46, Call
A LOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE FOR SALE
O cheap. , 547 Howard st. —
L~ADY OF~MEANS~DESIRES GENTLEMAN
Ju partner, country business.- 12 Mason, room 2.
Q INGLE EXPRESS RIG AND STAND
O 'cheap: good chance : must sell, j 626 Fourth st.
T> RANCH BAKERY: FINE TRADE AN D LO-
-|J cation. A-pply Call Office. .
<8t I £U\t\ GROCERY-STORE AND BAR;
»|P I OUU . centrally located. Address "Grocer,"
box 3, Call Office.
RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS, DAIRY PRO-
duce, etc. ; doing a good business : can be made
to pay well; for sale cheap. : Inquire at 110 Sixth.
T>HOTOGRAPH GALLERY FOR SALE OR
X rent; good locality. : Address "D," box 2. Call.
A MAN RETIRING FROM; BUSINESS
x»- wants to dispose of bis first-class saloon. Ad-
dress M. R., box 131, Call Office. :
pIGAR-STORE WITH 3 FURNISH ED ROOMS;
VJ laundry office attached. ■ 417 Hayes st.
ESPONSIBLE PARTY WANTS TO > RENT
a job or ; newspaper outfit in city, with privi-
lege of buying within six months; best of usage
guaranteed. Address.' Printer, box 73, Call Offl -c.
C* a nnn OLD established . retail
<p ~*yJ\J\J, business Market st., doing business
$11,000 a year; more. than price in stock; good rea-
son for selling. A. 8., box 46, Call Office. .;
O|;Q^A PARTNERSHIP; good paying
tjpOtJU. business; no experience required; clears
to each $20 to $25 weekly ; trial. 307 O'Farrell st.
INTERIOR AGENCY THIS PAPER for
X sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office. " ,
I'UK RENT AT': ONCE— FIRST-CLABS DIN-
X ing-room and kitchen; all furnished; full of
boarders. Apply 44 sixth st.
HONEST AND RELIABLE MAN AS PART-
ner with $200 in a good-paying : restaurant:
daily receipts from $15 to $20: rent only $25. . In-
quire 333 Bush st. (the Olymp Saloon), bet. 9
and 11 A. m. :■'.- ;. : :"..'.-- :.<;• ■..-•.-.,■ •/• ■: - ? ■ - : --
-p H ICKEN RANCH FOR SALE: CHEAP
VJ rent; 1000 laying hens: : 300 young chicKens;
horse and ■ wagon : harness; cow and tools. In-
qulre W. E. ARNDT, 529 Sixth st. ,
OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS GROCERY STORE
X across the bay: eood paying business. ' Inquire
GEO. SELMEIDKR, 2013 Clinton aye., Alameda.
V>HOTOGRAPH GALLERY TO LET; $12 PER
X month; second floor; 18x65. G. C. YOUNG
Petaluma. '^Tw^fftl'llPW'WiHMTllM'il i* '-* ' '
Q?7?.A - CORNER GROCERY AND BAR.
«Jp I.UU .Western Addition: good location: ele-
gant | fixtures: s living-rooms, including furniture
Address Grocery, box 10H, Call Office. ° .- ; -->• •
PROCERY AND BAR-MUST SELL. 901
VT Fifteenth st. .. . ' „■":'< ..-;'. ■> ■ :.
S2fS() A BARGAIN-OYSTER AND CHOP
C-^OU. house; : worth $500: owner going to
Alaska next month. Apply this office. . *: . / "
OHOESTORE-EST. 14 YEARS; FINE BI SI-
O ness: full net tools: machinery: reason for sell-
Ing, death of owner. 1126 Kentucky st., Potrero.
WANTED-CASH PARTNER; GOOD RE~-
Tvvi U i? s ii e x . eel , lent; Terences; investigate.
LYNCH, 935 Market st. •.>:':. v " ' .
$250 : FfKST -«LASS : SALOON ;% CHEAP;
puy.mustbeßold this week: owner going
East. BILLY MiAXXO.N, 209 Ellis st. "■■
■TVRESSMAKING AND HAIRDRESSING
J/j business at room 20. Murphy building; owners
, leaving the city; must sell at once; bargain.
Bt STNKSS CHAKCFS- Continue.
"^o^rv FOR : SALE— A CORNER , sXlOOn"
«JpZ«JU. with low rent, paid up until April 9;
owner must sell on account of other business. Ap-
ply LEMLK & CO., wholesale liquor dealers, 265
Third st. - ; __^
ESTAURANT FOR SALE IMMEDIATELY
SX on account of sickness.; 258 First st.
Si l Z. nnn the largest AND best-
«Jpl O.\J\J\J. paying beer grotto and restaurant;
cream of trade: monthly profits $1000: books
open for Inspection. Address \V., 1148 Slitter st. •
JljtCA CORNER SALOON, CLOSE TO
tJptJt)U. Chronicle office; actual value $1500;
must be sacrificed; owner bought place in country.
Inquire 533 California si.. Phoenix Bar. ■
fr £■ fi A LOON ESTA B LIsIIEDTHi: LAST
«4ptJ»JU. 10 years: near Pine and Kearny sts.;
doing good business; low rent; rare chance. In-
quire 533 California st., Phoenix Bar..
"mj'AA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
tJpUUU.. with living-rooms; good bar trade: cash
custom;- rent -$2O: in very best location: rare
chance. Particulars 533 California St., Phoenix bar,
EXPRESS BUSINESS: 2 SINGLE WAGON
Hi stands; San some and .Sinter. J. C. FREDER-
ICKS, propietor. ■
OR SALE— GOOD PAYING GROCERY BUSI-
V . ness on main business street, Oakland: stork
new and well selected: will sell cheap; capital re-
quired, about $5000: will give time on part: a rare
chance to get into a well-established business. Ad-
dress box 6, Call Office. Oakland.
CIOKNER GROCERY ' AND BAR; CHEAP;
\J owner goin.? away. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
T?OR RENT OR SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
JO general jobbing shop, with tools and every,
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about ode acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
run for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California; terms easy. For
further particulars inquire of ALEXANDER
WATSON, Gllroy, CaL____
0' NE OF THE OLDEST AND BEST-PAYING
coffee saloons, connected with a bakery and
confectionery, centrally located, on one of the main
thoroughfares of this city, is for sale at a reasona-
ble price on account of the proprietor's withdrawal
from business. Inquire durine oflice hours at th*
law office of FRANK SCHILLING, 508 Califor-
nia st. .■
"PAYING BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY;
X splendid location- Address Business, box 3, this
office.
<fl» 17' BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS;
<Sft L< U. rent $15; 3 rooms. Apply Call Office.
A LOON FOR SALE; LOW " RENT; LONO
lease. Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific.
OLD ESTABLISHED BUTCHER BUSl-
ness in one of the principal markets in this
city owner desires to leave the city owing to ill
health. Address H. H., box 71, Call Office.
OOD PAYING SODA AND BOTTI.E-BEER
business for sale in St. Helena. Apply 404 Mc-
Allister st.
HALF INTEREST IN 50-ROOM LODGING^
house and cigar store. E. 8.. box 5, this office.
pOALYARD FOR SALE; FOUR YEARS*
VJ lease. Apply 629 Haight st.
"I^IRST-OLASS SALOON IN WESTERN AD-"
X 1 dltion: good trade from hall upstairs: low rent.
Apply to DONNELLY .fe BRANNAN, 1071 Mis
sion st., cor. Seventh. '■.'■■'
OTEL, WITH BAR AND 34 ROOMS; ALL
occupied; north of Market St.; run by present
owner 10 years; everything In good condition; is
cheap; for sale on account of departure from busi-
ness. Apply at 400 Bay St., cor. Mason, S. F.
PLENDID BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY FOR
live man: grocery and bar for sale, cheap; 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. • Apply
SCULLY & SON, 420 Sacramento st. ,
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, I and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
1.(H)(.1N(.-Iioisr.s FOB SALE,.
CHEAP RENT •
■ SUNNY SIDE OF STREET-
Ownsrmust leave the city offer wanted.
65 rooms, clearing $200. 0n1y...... $2000
60 rooms on Market st., new 420(1
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st '..;■.'. 2501)
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
7r A, 14 ROOMS; ALL OUTSIDE AND
I O\J. fronting on O'Farrell St.; elegantly
furnished. CHARLES COTTON, 906 Market st.
Q»QAA 11 ROOMS: NR. KEARNY; CLEARS
tJIOUU. $30; bargain. HEOARTY, 1004 MkU
1 Q ROOMS; NEW; PIANO; CENTRAL: PAYS
XO big: sacrifice. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
"I A(*X MARK — GOOD-PAYING HOUSE;
IUUu light sunny rooms; cheap, for cash.
■\fICELY FURNTSHED HOUSE, 10 ROOMS;
J-\ business portion city. Address E. 8., box 53,
this office.
m»rr AA AT A SACRIFICE ON ACCOUNT OF
«Jp i "U. other business: 45 rooms, clearing over
$100 per month; thoroughly- cleaned and reno-
vated: part cash. 115 second st.
Hil.Mii,..f; ;J?Oi.J sALE.
G"^7rE^T~B^rß^iXTN^N^A^nTv^NE W^FURnT
ture 18 rooms in storage. - 139 Fourth, mi. 19.
LEGANT FOLDING-BED, WITH MIRROR, '
at a sacrifice. 7 City Hall aye.
•\riCE NEWLY FURNISHED 8-ROOMED
xi flat, bath: one block from Market st.on Larkin;
rent $35 a month. including water; furniture cost
$450; sell for $275; rare chance; Investigate. T.
M T BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step ; furniture exchged. 779 Mission.
IRE SALE ! ■ ~~ : :•
JD Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ' '■'
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges :.. 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 1 ....... 10
Till our new building Is erected tbese prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at, SE. corner Seventh . and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
Ann CARPETS; chamber sets, $14;
IUV stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
■tfc Uedlounges trimmed with plush ....$5 BO
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, 1aid........ 40c up
Window shades In 5 colors 25c up
SHIREK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
CAKPKf cleaning.
Tonics' co. cXrTeT^^leanimT^and
O renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pRE AT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
vJ Ing works; latest Improved machinery 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.offlce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; RE-
\J laid. 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
VJ ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
PARPE'JS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
VJ like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth : teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING C 0.7240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: t«I. south 228.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Oar*
pet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: teL 80-40,
pONKLIN'S CARPKT BEATING WORKS. 33 i
> J (ioldon Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
FOR SAI.JS— MISCELLANEOUS.
rpHOROUG I HBRED BLACK MINOCA EGG^,
X $1 per 15; Mongolian pheasants, $15 per trio.
J. J. TOMPKINSON, 2029 San Antonio aye.,
Alameda. ,
OLID OAK LIBRARY-TABLE, LITTLK
used, in exchange fur walnut dining-table, neT
style. L., box 57, Call Office. ,
TilOR SALE— PHOTOGRAPHIC OUTFIT, IX-
X I eluding camera, Dallmeyer's rect lens and In-
stantaneous shutter, portrait : and cabinet lens,
printing frames. C, 926 Taylor aye., Alameda.
pOUNTER, GOOD AS NEW, 3.. OFFICE
VJchalrs and screen; cheap. 121 Post St., room 8.
IIINE LARGE FIRE-PROOF SAFE, CHEAP;
good Sohmer square piano. Call 811 Golden
Gate aye. ■ . .
"LiINE LARGE BISMARCKI AN BOAR HOOND
X 1 (Danish). 2 years old; gentle. 811 Golden
BARGAIN— 14 BICYCLES. 3 NEW STER-
ling, 11 Monarchs, nearly new, flftOcas'i, bal-
ance installments. 363 Twelfth Bt., Oakland.
DYNAMO ENGINE. BOILER AND A LOT OF
tools, cheap. 516 Mission.
CARRIAGES AND RATTAN /URN I.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer* pro.
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
TERLING BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE A
watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEV.3IB Mkt.
AR OUTFIT, MIRRORS, CASH REGISTERS,
JJ scales, etc. : cheapest. MEEK. 11 IS Mission.
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters in market: buy your wines. liquors, eta,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults ; free delivery city, Oak-
land. , Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCBURMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBK~K. SASHEB
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale, litio Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND JAROE SIZB
fire and burglsr proof safe.' 109, HI Market st.
fURK AND BURGLAR SA XX, LETTER-
press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
AT EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
Ii band. tW. a RAY Mfz Co., 1- California st.
pOUNT E R 8, SHELVING. SHOWCASK3
VJ bought and «old 112iy^Marlt»' beu7thandBt>
ATTOK.NEYS-ATI'AW.
'^^V^E^R^E^DifvORCE I.XwS~XTpECI^
-TV alty; private; » no charge unless successful; all
law suits; claims, collections, "ills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-»t-law, 850 Market. 9
f J.NOLEN, ATTORNEY: AT- .uAW. 719
 Market st. : advice free. '■
J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AN D COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice free. 24 Sixth; st., rooms 14, 15. '.
' W. DA VID~BON. ATTORNKY-AT-LAW-yM
• California «., rma. 14-11 J EdTlCt trt*."_ HOUSES TO LET.
Nice hTtu^e^o^^oSisTbath'and'bas-^
■^ ment; rent $18. 122 Webster st., ur. Haignu
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS: RENT $12. 211
Twelfth st. . - . .
G*l 9- SUNNY HOUSE; 5 ROOMS; YARD;
*px.£i. basement; good order. Key 2228 Geary.
TO LET— AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
X house: 9 rooms, bath and finished basement;
Jackson st., bet. Laurel and Locust: marine view;
rent reasonable, WILL _. FISHEK <t CO., 14
Post st.
£>Q7 EDDY — FIRST-CLASS DOWNTOWN
"'*-*• two-story corner residence; 10 rooms; any
requirements of a first-class tenant favorably con-
siaered; rent low. . ■
OUSE; 6 ROOMS. BATH.' 1530 CLAY ST.,
near Larkln. ■
APPRECIATED IF REEN-829V* SUTTER,
-^*- near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
AY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; 210
Perry st., just off Fourth; rent 12 50, water
free. Atiply to UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery su
OUSE; 9 ROOMS: BATH; NEWLY PA-
pered and painted yard: $35. Tenth St., bet.
Howard and Mission; key at 126, next door.
1 OOQ BUCHANAN, NEAR MCALLISTER—
XVUO Sunny house: 11 rooms and bath; electric
bells and all modern Improvements; rent reason-
able^^ I
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH, BASEMENT,
large yard, 730 Capp: cottage 5 rooms, bath,
large basement, three stalls. 107 Germania.
17 A A FOLSOM— SUNNY HOUSE, 7 ROOMS,
l_l to let; $25. - . '
C CHEAPEST HOUSE IN CITY: 8 ROOMS;
yj bath; modern: $20. 534yt> Valencia, nr. 17tU.
©On HOUSE, 8 BOOMS, BATH; MODERN.
Kj)iJ\J. 1723 Clay St., near Van Ness »ye.
Q'Jii MODERN HOUSE AT 2529 PINE,
<JT^'- corner Scott; go and see it.
OUSE 10 ROOMS AND BARN; VERY
cheap. Apply NICOL. 634y 2 California st.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS: BATH AND'- YARD;
rent $16. 147 Valencia st.
BABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN _
HAMMOND 10 Montgomery st
j gPKJKIgBJKP HOUSES.
"PPRXISHED HOUSE to rent IN a DKSIR-
X able location for a term cf 3 to 6 months: sunny
house of 8 rooms, bath and Jarge garden. For par-
ticulars and privilege to Inspect apply to W. DO-
LAN, 130 Sutler st.
C EVEN ROOMS AND BATH; WEST SIDE OF
0 Baker St., between California and Pine; new
and modern furniture; piano; rent reasonable. Ap-
ply to W. B. HUFF & CO., 2405 California st.
If URNISHED HOUSE FOR SALE: 8 ROOMS;
reasonable. Address H. R.. box 149. Call Office.
CUiTAOI- i*» LET.
COZY OOT^A^^^^O^M^r^ATHfTGAR^
\J den, chicken-yard; $13. 110 Chattanooga St.,
near Twenty-second. .
fl A COTTAGE 6 ROOMS, CELLAR. CLARA,
{jpl _-. near Fifth. 325 Fifth st.
©"] "I NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WINDOWS; 4
<^PXX. rooms. Point Lobos aye. and Collins st.
pOTTAGE 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE BASE-
VJ ment; yard; garden. 2105 Webster, nr. Sacra-
mento.
. I'IKSISHKD FLATS. . "~
TH99^EAlf?~^sSi^Lir~^UNNY^ FLAX
1«J — _. nicely furnished.
flAis IO __; 1 .
Jmqot kky flat, s" booms anjdbatjs.
tgllO. 2231 Geary st.
FLAT, 10 ROOM^7S2O. 102 MISSION ST., NR.
Spear: _ey at corner saloon.
ffi?"| 9 FOR THE BEST 5-ROOM NEW FLAT
tj^l— with bath in this city; water free; investi-
gate the place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
"1 r.l 1-1515% MISSION ST ,NR. ELEVENTH
XOXX —5 beautiful sunny rooms; bath, laundry,
yard.
Q>-\ £• FINE SUNNY-MIDDLE FLAT: VERY
iiyXvJ. low rent. 432 Seventh St., nr. Harrison.
©1 "I 7 ROOMS; BATH ; RANGE: HOT
XX. water; upper. Jersey' and Sanchez sts.
(\~\ Ql LINDEN AYE.— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS
UlOs ana bath: rent cheap.
71 X OCTAVIA— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH,
i XO gas, basement and yard.
Oh 9 AND $14; BATH, £.TC. 64] VALt.N-
-0 X O cia st., near Eighteenth.
1 OWKR FLAT; 524 WALLER ST., BETWEEN
-Li Steiner and Pierce; 5 rooms and bath.
ELEGANT LOWER~FLAtT 7 ROOMS and
XV bath. 1205 Cough St.. near O'Farrell.
UN NY FLAT: 5 ROOMS; CHEAP. lill
Twenty-fifth st.
»1 «> AND $14— 1124 AND 1110 SiEVEN
O. son, near Herman; nice flats: cheap rent
THIRST FLOOR-4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
X unfinished basement: $16: clean and in goon
repair: quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
'|KOOMS AND BATH NICELY FURNISHED;
0 2 montns' rent paid. 402^ Geary.
o~Xet— 1915 STEVF.NSON ST., NEAR
Twentieth, nice sunny upper flat of 4 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS; RENT $15.
U Apply 438 Sixth st.
1 1 9 LANGTON — UPPER FLAT 5 LARGE
HO sunny rooms: hall and separate yard.
INE FEAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH: ALL
modern improvements: rent $35. . 725 Golden
Gate aye., between Van Ness and Franklin.
£*O~ EDDY— 7-ROOM FLAT EXTRA LARGE
DOi) and roomy; all conveniences: centrally lo-
cated : rent $32 50: water free.
Ql n BRODERICkT~NEAR GOLDEN GATE
■ ' LO aye.— Elegant new flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. • • ■
C 99 SIXTH ST.— UPPER FLAT, 5 ROOM'S,"
«J_ >_ 1 bath; large yard : rent $13.
T<)' PAGE ST., BET. GOUGH AND OCTA-
-IZO via: flat of 4 rooms; $13 50.
ODERN NEW FLATS: 912 OAK ST.; 7
and 8 rooms; rent reduced; $26 and $28.
UNNY FLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN
improvements. 1309 O'Fnrrell st.. nr. Octavia.
Q MODERN SUNNY FLATS ON OAPP ST.,
0 Deu Mission and Howard, Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, containing 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
mantel fireplaces, with large separate back yard,
etc. : rent will suit yon. Call at office, O'FARRELL
& CO., 11 Montgomery st.
Q7 4-ROOM FLAT, UNFURNISHED. 522
»_ I . Howard.
ODEKN UPPER FLAT; 2-STORY HOUSE:
6 large rooms and bath; cellar; sunny yard; j
bo small children 1423 14 Hayes st.
*iq 16 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEINER ST.,
•*5-LO. near Geary— Lower floor, 3 large sunny
rooms, yard and cellar. Inquire 1911 Geary st. I
ytRV N ICE SUNN V UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS
V and bath: $22 50. 7t'BVj Grove, near Webster.
HOUSE. 7 ROOMS, BATH; FLAT. 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden; $16. 1706 Post st.
XTP TO DATE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH;
J basement: yard. 1417 Hayes St.
\TEW ELEGANT FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 552
J.\ Church St., cor. Hancock, near F-ighteenth.
QftA LILY AYE. — T ROOMS AND BATH;
OUt: rent $14. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS EACH, 131 LILY
aye. Apply 136 Page st. . . .
CfiQ A MODERN FLAT 7 ROOMS, BATH,
»jjsiO. closets, elevator, at 957 Union St., Oak-
land. KOENIG & KKOLL, 1006 Broadway, Oak-
land.
ELEGANT FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
all latest Improvements. 713^ Grove su
Tj^EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; ELEGANT
X flat; 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
AT EW SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
was $20, now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
praph. HOVEY, 508 California «t.
/.(.IHAVKS, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
Kj*i£ of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
OZY FLATS: SUNNY, NICE LOCATION;
\J 4 and 6 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented; Hat rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st. i
V ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
VJ low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
bULftthblil'l> .. i.«-* Jill-».
~""~™~ Buchanan Street.
nr\n BUCHANAN, COR. FELL— 60; SUN
\}\)£ ny bay-window honsekeeping; first floor.
fifth Street.
01 A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
Oltl rooms; running water; bath; private fam-
ily; no children: $9. •.:'■ - . ■
" " oeary 1 eet.
Ol 71 GEARY- THREE SUNNY UNFUR-
—I I nished housekeeping rms. Key 217 Geary.
' oolden (iata Avenue. •
T C I A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
-1 Oil/ nished sunny rooms: housekeeping privi
leg<; $15. ■ '
flu ward Street. '
HAC\ HOWARD-2 OR S SUNNY ROOMS
• 'It 7 nicely furnished for housekeeping; private
family. ■..•■■
QQXI HOWABD-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
<!/c)O2 housekeeping; single and double; reason-
able. ' ■ . '_ '. ' '
■ ' 1 .is'ina street.
QAQ LAGUNA, NR. MCALLISTER— LARGE
01/O front room and kitchen, furnished first
class: sun all day; $"11: large front parlor.
Larkln Street.
OHO LARKIN-THREE ELEGANT SUNNY
•>-,{) housekeeping rooms; first floor; bath.-;
A9Q LARKIN~~X I C L F~URNfsHED
J^i t*7 suites: single: housekeeping; bath: gas.
■Mi ii 11 a Street.
A\ 7 MINNA -2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
Til rooms, suitable for housekeeping.^ .
X/lft MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O-±\) housekeeping; large yard. j
HOrSKKKEPINO ROOMS — Contlnned.
Mission Street. ' . - . -
QOQ MISSION — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS,
(JOO housekeeping; also single, $5 per month. .
QUQ MISSION— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED HOUSE-
VJUCJ keeping rooms: sunny and pleasant. . -.: ■-'
1 094. MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOM;
X\J£i'± running water; bath; no children; $3.
1 O'-?Q m 1« 6 10 N— SUNNY-: FURNISHED
XXJQfj rooms for light housekeeping.
10^^ MISSION-LARGE FRONT BA'i -WIN-
X\JiJO dow parlors: housekeeping or nice for
dressmaker.
Ninth Street.,
9A NINTH, NEAR MARKET— FURNISHED
«£<" rooms: single; suites: houskpg; grate; gas.
"I i)t* 1 NINTH — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
X-£\J>£ »8: single rooms, $4 up. -
CA9~NI NTH— « -FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
O\J±. piete for housekeeping; rent low.
Sjjxja Point I.obns Avenue.
91 9 A POINT LOBOS AYE.— THREE SUNNY
—1— 1/ furnished rooms; housekeeping; bath;
$12; no children. ■' '■:-.-.
Folk Street.
Q9Q POLK — NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
O^diJ lors; also other roms; reasonable.
Post Street. T. : -
"I Air a POST — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
lv/lU rooms for housekeeping: price moderate.
1 C 9Q POST —FRONT AND SECOND PAR-
XO^iO lor; kitchen: completely furnished; $20.
Apply 16021/^ Post st. ■ ' "' "
:::l-i. Sixth Street.
9-1 f\ l SIXTH — NICELY FURNISHED
— IU-> front rooms with kitchen.
Pw9Cl SIXTH— 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
OZ t/'and cellar; rent cheap to good tenant.
South ParK. '
1 n SOUTH PARK-2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-10 keeping rooms, $9; single, $5; 4 unfur-
nished, $10. '
Stevenson Street.
© Q FOUR ROOMS, 427 STEVENSON ST.,
<3>O. between Fifth and Sixth: very convenient.
Stockton Street. "
A-\rr STOCKTON— CONVENIENT FUR-
-41 i nished housekeeping rooms: $12; other
rooms: cheap.
711 STOC KTO N — NICE FURNISHED
ill housekeeping rooms, $10 per month. •
Tehama Street.
OAQ TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH - SUNNY
QUO furnished housekeeping rooms.
Twenty-sixth Street.
i-iri 26TH. NEAR MISSION: LARGE SUN-
IIO2 ny housekeeping suites, furnished com-
plete; $9 to $11. __^_
Van Ness Avenue.
■1 A 1 Q VAN NESS AYE.— 2 SUNNY CON-
ItIO nee ting rooms on parlor floor: newly and
handsomely furnished; complete tor light house-
keeping.
Washington Street.
I 91 ft WASHINGTON, NR. TAYLOR-3 UN-
l_.lVf furnished-rooms for housekeeping-!
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THK
-_ WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
~ UOUMS TO LET.
Bush Street.
71 71 BUSH ST.— SUNNY ROOMS, $4 PER
i 1 i 2 month.
Castro Street.
JA' CAbTRO— FOR SALE— 2 LARGE FUR-
ttU O nished rooms and pantry; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; all new; will be sold
cheap: rent $10; nice lawn. .
Clementina Street.
AQA3 CLEMENTINA— FURNISHED
ttOa:4 room; use of parlor; $3 50 month.
J- atly Street.
-1 A EDDY — LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
DJUroorn: neat single room; reasonable; pri-
vate family.
J-.iChth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOU&E, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
£llis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room ; elevator .
and lire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters ; electric-cars direct 10 ferry and park pass the
door.
19.) ELLIS— DOUBLE FRONT ROOM; ALSO
__«O sunny single rooms: lor gentlemen. i.
000 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
000 sunny rooms: also large parlor suite. :>
Fifth Street.
9AI FIFTH (CHANGED HANDS)— NICELY
— \J-i furnished front suites and single; also
housekeeping. ;
QQ FIFTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT SINGLE
00 and double rooms; $5 up.
.Fourth Street.
QAQ FOURTH, NEAR FOLSOM— NICE, SUN-
O\J*J ny furnished rooms: also housekeeping.
Oeary Street.
91 Q GEARY — GROUND FLOOR: LARGE
_1>) from room suitable for business: key 217.
rI 0 GEARY— ELEGANT FRONT SUITE,
*JIO suitable for dressmaker or doctor: others.
791 GEARY-LARGE AND SMALL SUNNY
1 _ . 1. rooms; handsomely furnished; rent reason-
able. ■ ■ -
1 1 01 GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
111/ J- Martinet: first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired.
:>oi<ie<> Gate Avenue.
001 GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT ROOM
001 for light housekeeping; other rooms $7 up;
large yaid. ■ ■
Harrison Street. --
Q-i I HARRISON — NICELY FURNISHBD
Ol 1 sunny rooms, for 1 or 2; bath.
warn Street..
r 'Q HOWARD-^-ONE LARGE ROOM FUR-
-000 nished complete for housekeeping; . rent
cneap.
HOWARD (THE ORLANDO)— NICELY
000 furnished rooms, single and suites, from
$1 60 to $3 50 per week; open all night; transient.
1 A7A HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
_*/ I \J nicely furnished: hot and cold water; $6.
19171 HOWARD— NICELY- FURNISHED
1 — 1 I *> room; suitable for 1 or 2; gas; bath;
private family.
Jessie Street.
Q/J9 JESSIE-COMFORT ABLY FURNISHED
000 rooms, from $1 and upwards per week."
Jones Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: .NEW
— . ' ' 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
Single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to 330.
i.f.n n y Street,.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 137 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\ ant sunny rooms, en suite »nd single ; first class
in every respect : terms reasonable.
Langton ' Street.
A C LANGTON— SUNNY ■ FRONT ROOM TO
_ O let; private family; suitable for 2; $8. -.».
Lark in Street.
"I 1 9 LARKIN— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
111- nicely furnished : rent reasonable:
Jlmkc street.
"IT'LEOANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
S-J rooms at 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
\fo__MlT_ HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
eight. 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families
11 99 MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
1 I _ • — rooms, suites and single, from $2 to $6 a
week. .
Me All inter Street.
i AftO MCALLISTER— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
■ iUU front sunny rooms; terms reasonable.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. NEARTAYLOR— LARGE
sunny room for 2. $9; private. '
Minna street.
71 MINNA— LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
0 I 1 basement room; stove, closets, etc.; private
. family. . ,-.'■■. ■ . ■ • ■•..'-".■
c a r MINNA— NICE ..FURNISHED FRONT
tj'lt) room: suitable 2 gents or gent and wife;
cheap. .' '■ - ' '■■■■' ' . :- :
. Mint Avenue.
9/f MINT AYE., OPPOSITE THE MINT—
-j'x Nicely furnished front rooms. $1 60 to $2 a
week: sunny rear room, $5 a month. ;
. .-. i.miiii street.
T^UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
£j furnished rooms, single or en suite;. transients. ■
Montgomery Street.
A~\ Qa MONTGOMERY AV_.— NEWLY FUR-
_ 1 O nished sunny rooms: bath; gas; reasonable.
Post Street. - " :
-1 Oft A POST - VERY . DESIRABLE WELL-
.] O'/T furnished rooms; single or en suite: bath :
breakfast if desired: fine location: reasonable.
i oweil Street. :
99C POWELL, COR. GEARY— 3 FURNISH ED
_ ._ ,O rooms tor offices or housekpg; ground floor.
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1896. .
• ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
Buss Street.
91 RUSS — LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
& X front room for two gents or couple, $9. • :'-i: ••
Sanchez Street.
A] SANCHEZ — NICE ROOM; $4: ; GAS:
t:JL bath; board optional. • 
Sansome Street. -■-.-. 
Ql f* SANSOME, NEAR BROADWAY— FINE
OIU sunny furnished rooms; $3 month and up-
ward. • . *
Scott Street. • '
11 9 SCOTT ST.— LARGE CONNECTING
HO rooms furnished for housekeeping. -
Sixteenth Street. '. .■■ - ' ;
9QA9 SIXTEENTH. COR. HOWARD—
— O\'+j nished room for gentleman : $4 a month.
- Taylor Street. •
19Q TAYLOR— 3 SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
1— O bath: furnished or unfurnished. .:•": ,:■ ■ •
Third Street
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 jvr night ; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm : tree bus. j
Twelfth Street.
A TWELFTH ST.. COR. -MARKET— B NICELY
tt furnished rooms: $7 and $3. . .'„
Twenty-fourth Street.
9.11 Q TWENTY-FOURTH— SUNNY ROOMS;
■— JtlO $3 50 to $5 per month. »
Webster Street.
mWEBSTER-2OR 3 LARGE HANDSOME
rooms furnished or unfurnished. ' .
Miscellaneous.
STRICTLY PRIVATE — TO . RENT, FUR-
nished, 2 lovely sunny rooms, suitable for gen-
tleman and wife; best of references given and re-
quired. Address S. R., box 49, Call Office. .
ULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL-FUR-
nished rooms, single and suites; $8 and sl6, up.
PORN ER BAY-WINDOW SUNNY SUITES,
Vy suitaiile for doctors or dentists. Grand Southern,'
SK. cor. 7th and. Mission: elevator: moderate rates
(.») \t ii. ■. ■ . A.Nit ItiMJMb.
ROi : OR~i~OR' 2^GENTL&
men; widow's family. 821 Mission st. ■
1 1 AU BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
I i.\JO rooms, with best home cooking; reference.
(•9 1 GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNN i'
V-+^t rooms, suitable for gentlemen, with board.
II / • TURK— REMODELED— NEWLY FURN-
-1.1 Dished suites and single; first-class table board
VfICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
-1-1 passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GKUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeiur's Hotel.
TTACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
XX new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY"
hotel: references given and required: allmod-
«*rn conveniences. . ■ . ' .
children boakdui*.
tje^p^cTa^l^^vxdo^*a^d^Saljg^ter
XV; wish small children to board; speak fine
French, German and English; pleasant, sunny
home, near public school: easy terms; good refer-
ences. - Call or address M. V., 28 Collingwood St.,
off Castro, near Eighteenth. ...
UIET HOME FOR INFANT; MOTHER'S
tender care; 2 ladies; no other children. Call
or address E. H., 1636 Grove St.
STOKhS TO LET.
G^~PPOSITE PALACE^ H^TKL^riS LET^
store and basement: north line Market st., bet.
Kearny and Montgomery (with 5 years' lease) ;
rent cheap. Apply at once to O'FARRELL «fc CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
9-STORY HOUSE; 8 ROOMS; NEAR MAIL
— dock; store fixtures. 208 Brannan st.
TORK WITH ROOMS. 616 GEARY, NEAR
Taylor st.
SIXTH— STORE, 3 ROOMS, LARGE
<-i-2 yard; for business and family; rent $12.
/ll FOURTH— SMALL STORE, WITH ROOM
III) in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
HEN* & CO., 14 Montgomery st. -
OFFICES TO LET.
'■ ■
zzizir
OFFICES AND ROOMS TO LET— THE "AL-
exandria," 781 sutler St.: light, heat, hot and
cold water and elevator service free: first-class
dining-room in building. Apply on premises or to I
WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st. j
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
pTIJIFORNIA SAFE~~DEPOSIT BUI LDJNG—
V - Offices $10 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
TAASTERBROOK BUILDING, 20 AND 24
XJ Geary St.; very central; modern offices; ele-
vator: electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32. •
PIANOS. ; Ui>Lli\S. ETC,
ALL YO^ WANT IS V ALU E~"fOH^y6vR
money; Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar, autoharp $6; the five-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the prize-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 547 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak. $187; one trial will, convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market it., Spreck-
el's building.
<[{• C MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— I NEW
*®<J Emerson rosewood upright; 3 pedals and
folding cover: price $175. 418 Ellis, room 22.
<S»i7r webe"r7¥lano: FIRST-CLASS con-
<j)<t>. dition; few days only. 710% Post st.
FIaNOS— $90, $100, $160: GREAT BAR-
gains. - M VAIS' 769 Market st. -r
A SHAW, $425: 2 STEIN WAY 8, $215, $195:
Sommer, -SI 85; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
(CELEBRATED HAINES BROS., BUSH <fc
\J Gens and Knabe p anos: ; being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st., S. F.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIOH-
BTadeT. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
(ftAA PIANO: FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
<JPt7U. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
RE YOU DtSIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutter .
\kf M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
» • first floor; sole agents Hallet & Davis Pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments. -
90, A/M\ SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
JU\J.\J\J\) HAM'S Piano store, 106 McAllister st.
STEINWAY, $165; WEBErt, $260; SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
pONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
pHICKEKING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
tor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
' <%. \1 CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«3P-«- lv. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
T\ECKER BROS., STEIN WAV, FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEIt &
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ■
EASY TERMS; -LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos. ' ■ ;
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERB. OLO&NEW
O H. MULLKR. maker, r<-;mir«>r, 2 i.nrham nlace
-, ' . . DENTISTS. ... " ' '.
ON^ST^WO^KTvli^Y^O^E^T /> PRTcEa
DR. HARDCASTLt, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk SI. ;
I\K. GEORGE W. , LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn'
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, :60c; CROW
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 rears'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ■■: ]
R. L. T. CRANZ-EXTRACT lON PAINLESfIT
, crown . work,'. brides work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary su, cor. runt aye. ,'
|"t BOOKS DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 768 MA K-
\J ket. bet. Sd and 4tb, gas specialists: only relt-
•ble agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5: fllllsgs inn $1 : extracting 60c. with gas $1.
o*7 A SET FOR WABBANTRD AS
<JP I good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMs*
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. ",'■".■'.■»
DX. LUDLUM HI lII* 1443 ..--'MAKKKT ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; I old | plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6»c: gas given. • ,-'
/"OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. «0U AlAli-
■ ket su DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J; LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate avp.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
~\ i-L WORK REASON ABLE AND 1 WAB~:
J\ ranted. : DR. .1 W. KEY. 1122 Market guv '■■-•• '
«i;ii.I»IN«. AMI LOAN ASSOCIATION \
f^ON T I N" ENT A L BUILDING XntTlOaSt
\ ! soclation— Home office, 222 Sansome sU, S If, 1
General savings 61 loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pn» '
Viiyti £idxidca V.Pr.; W Corbin, sec.<t Uea.M*a ,
PEBSONAT^
pALIFORNIA SAVING AND LOAN POCTKTY
\J booKs bought for cash. ■ X., box 75, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, PROPiUETOK- 35
l'l fair going business, wishes companion; object'
matrimony. Address J. W. W.. box 104, Call.
SPECIAL EAS Kit OPENING— MISS ALICE
0 HAAKEis displaying an elegant assortment
of trimmed hats at greatly reduced prices. 121
Post St.. room 46, over Connor, Moffat & Co.
HERBAL BLOOD PURIFIER; CUKE FOR
asthma,' rheumatism,' etc. At 1207 Market
St., room 2. ;•' ' - ". ■':- -^:, ; :-^ >v;
qnHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. bed FRONT,
1 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
A NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND Dl-
__. vorce; legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263.' S. F.
A DVICE • FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
__. dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
T?NAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
XV at 210 Steiner St.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
d_l AKOOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
«3p 1 floor. •. 206 Leaven worth su . 5
1 ADIES DISLIKE BEING TOLD "EXTRA
XJ for waving and face-enameling" when they go
to get their hair dressed : T don't do that : m v price
of 25c includes all; switches 75c and $1. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
TJIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW EVE~
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
I I \f\f\ CARDS, $1 50:- SHOW CARDS, 15c:
I 1 i\J\J teL Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su, r. 39.
T ADIES 1 HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
1— superfluous hair removed: bangs 1 and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
TilOR FINE POULTRY ANI» GAME GO TO A.
r BTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington.R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. ■ Co-operative
PaDer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
X> Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
IJ-CTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XU Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry. -
T IBEIIAL, ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc. lowest rates. 948 Market st. - '
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADI-- 1 "
■nothing bonenu COLMAN. 41 Third st.
.. _>i._ss3iai__;k->.
B™ RADLEY -PALACE oFfaSHION, 41fTTAY^
lor; dresses made over: prices reasonable.
RESS_S.S2 UP;LAWNS,SI UP;WRAPPERS,
XJ 35c and up. 505 Natoma St., bet. 6th and 7th.
OIjAIKVOY AM\"».
RARE^JPPORT UNITY'to' ~^~ ~~
__ CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT,
PROF. P. EUGENE,
FOR 50c AND $1. FOR 50c AND $1.
People of San Francisco,' as well as other cities,
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators, busi-
ness men of all grades, and ladles from every walk
in life, together sound his praise for the benefit
they have received. All are . pleased. Professor
Eugene gives advice on business, speculation, in-
vestments, love, courtship, marriage and divorce;
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and
causes a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of 'your choice. He locates mines and buried
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies, re-
moves evil influences, gives advice pertaining to
lawsuits, locates and recovers old estates. The
troubled and unfortunate should seek his counsel.
Thousands of families long separated have been re-
united by his efforts. All persons unsuccessful in
business, who seem to be unlucky, should visit
him, seek his aid and start aright. Thousands
have become wealthy through his advice. Young
men starting in business will find it greatly to
their advantage to consult him on all matters of
financial interest to themselves. Hours, 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. Letters with stamp answered. PRO-
FESSOR EUGENE, 1728 Market st.
CAC AND $1. AND 600 AND $1.
*->U PROFESSOR LEON, 533 POST ST.,
Has astonished multitudes by his wonderful pow-
ers, warns you of coming dangers, averts troubles,
guiaes you aright In all affairs of lrfe: marriage,
love. law. speculation, etc.; business confidential;
letters with stamps answered; hours 9 to 8.
PROF. ZANZIC. THE WHITE MAHATMA
1 palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Ellis st.,
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies 50c, gents $1. . . . .
MME. RAVENNA READS YOUR LIFE
fluently, lips on races, names given; 25c up.
Bemoved from 828 Howard st., to 6 Fourth.
B~ _ST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH: IX
dies and gents 25c. 206 Fourth st. '
MX. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future ;25c up. 784 Howard st.
pO^SULT THE SUCCESSFUL PALMIST
\J clairvoyant, AUNT MABY'. ■ and succeed.
1031 Market st. 50c and $1.
ME. . POKTKK, CARD - READER; TELLS
past, present, future: • ladies ' 50c, .gents $1 ;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk su
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the plctnreof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
M~ME. SYBILLE — LIFE-READER; PAST,
present, future; charms; fee 60c. 914 O'Farrell
M~~RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium^and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART THE GREATEST CARD
reader and clairvoyant In the world; seventh
daughter: has read curds since 11 years of age; and
' mining. lawsuits and marriage; ladles or gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4. .
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
! present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; "good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake !m-
-posslbie: fee gl ; letter 92. 929 Postst.. nr. Larkln.
SPIRITUALISM. ':..' " '".' ' -
A "'-"^ J " " 7 '~~"" "^r^"' ""'" ' """ '—" '" "' "'": ..'a
50 cts. and $1. - 50 cts. and $1.
REMOVED TO 1020 MARKET ST.
•; -,:.-.■;• :-.";■ REMOVED TO 1020 MARKET ST.
>-%.:''- PROF. VAN DE VERE.
A splendid opportunity to consult this famous
medium for a mere pittance.
If you would Know wha the future holds for
you call wiinout delay. Advice on all matters.
PROF. VAN DE VERE. !
- ' ' ' 1020 Market st.
RS. DR. MIRANDAS, MEDIUM, -.
1206 Market St., Parlors 26 to 29.
Satisfaction and success guaranteed In all mat-
ters: consult this wondertul medium and be suc-
cessful. Send lock of hair and $1 and you will learn
something of your life and disease you never knew
before: all business strictly confidential. • ■
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: 10c. MME.
YOUNG, 606 McAllister St.; skeptics invited.
nho-NIGHT LADIES' AID BENEFIT. 110
1 Hayes, MRS. MAYO STEERS, 10c
MRS. PHILANDER: JUST ARRIVED:
clairvoyant medium; readings; 10 a. it. to 9
p. m. 123 Tnrtr st. ■ ■
GYPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days included); 25c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9. 1
Its] J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
tr-tnee medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ANEW~PROCESS- NO MEDICINE, INSTRU- '
21 nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed; if you want' to be treated safe
and sure call on men's physician with reliable
knowledge. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
T A DIES— CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies,'.' In letter by return
mail; at druggists ' Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa. ' . .- -.: t
PROF. C. A. TYRKELL'S WONDERFUL -'J.
B. L. Cascade" treatment cures all diseases by
removing the cause. R. JACKS, agt, 214 Brannan.
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored <in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any lime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
fineme-it: French pills euaranteed: consult free. 1
MRS. DR..WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln. <
T ADIES. CONSULT FttKE MRS. DR. SCOT-r. .
Xj 216 Powell si.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I. fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and . diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. ■ Woman's Dis-
pensary. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free. DR. <& MRS. DAVIS' French ; regu-
lating pills, $2 60. . : - '.-'■'.■. '
NARJOT'S SILVEK; COMBINATION ELEC-
I ' trie belts; -sure cure for rheumatism, kidney
troubles, Indigestion, other diseases. "319 Kearny
St., upstairs., -..- ,'■ ■'■".■■'. : • .- ..' : ■ '  . . -
DRa GOODWIN makes A BPECIALTY of
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separate
home tor patients: - best skill: ' medical attend-
nca: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si. ■
bomb, A FRIEN'tTaND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUN 1416 Eighth 3t.,Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S french~~pills— a boon to
_. V ladies troubled with irregularities:. no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. ■ OSGOOD BKOS., Oakland. Cat. - i
1 K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;Joiips. :; Diseases of women and children. *.r.-
-"f ADIES — DAUDET'B FEMALE; REGULA ■
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never tail; .
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis «.,
lormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents. y •
.. SURE CUBE FOR ALL , FEMALE DIS-
' eases, from whatever causa; a homo In con-
finement with every ■ comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk ■t.Y--- ; JY.v
\.| Ra : DR. WEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
\■ '! - confinement; - Irregularities '-. cured in a few
tours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy it. ;i
1 F IRREGULAR Olt ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X sea Mrs. Dr. Puetis and be content. i!64 V» 4 tit
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB S ; CENTS — THJf
-i. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, tor vailing.
CITY REAL FSTATE.
,©Tnn^'wT[Lirs^UßXA~N^w^A^wiS^'
tfPX\J\J\J dow cottage; modern Improvements;
basement: lot 25x100: S. Broderick St., near
Haight. Apply" 1330 Mission st. " ; :.
C. BEMIS, ■  ■• ■ -, ~~
. ' REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT. j
324 MONTGOMERY ST. '
. ... ". ; '■'•', FOR t«ALE. 4
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or in subdivisions. ll'l' iMiiliinwiiW||^i» Jmini'
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker St.; 55x
137:6 feet. '-'.-- '
$2600— E. side of . Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
1 $450— San Carlos Villa lot : 100x160 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. :*. ■"••.-' '■"• ; ' .
$6000— modern bouses of 8 rooms each, at
pare: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. . ■  ■ *
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison at.,
bet. First ana Fremont. •
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. ISoo and Castro: 25
x 11 4 feet. ■-•-. .
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. r
If OR SALE— HOUSE, AND LOT, WITH 5
hard-flnished rooms, 1 hour's ride from city; ' $
minutes' walk from depot; 5 minutes' walk to 8.
schools; 107 feet deep. 50 feet front. For particu-
lars inquire at 530 Eddy st. . . . ■;
O LOTS READY TO BUILD ON, 25x70. $600;
O 4 flats of 4 rooms each, only $4000; 2 lots on
Lobos street. 25x114, $300; 600 other places for
sale or exchange. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market
QIjQQAA 1005 TREAT AYE., NEAR 23D
*K)OO\J\.r. St.; nearly new, comfortable, bay-
window residence of 7 rooms and bath; contains
every modern Improvement; good stable: terms,'
$500 cash, balance $30 per month; see it immedi-
ately. . TOBIN & McNaLLY, 630 Market st. -
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an 1 cottages built at most reasonable rates. Callnnd
see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
©CAM CORNER; 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
«IpUUI_J. on railroad; $10 monthly.
$400— Corner; 60x100, with creek.
$1500— Corner; 100x100; macadamized.
$1000— 100x100; $15 monthly.
$175— 25x136; $10 down; $5 monthly.
CH AS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
• CfcA OCA NATOMA ST.," BET. EIGHTH AND
«IpT".£e>U . Ninth— 3 flats; always rented; lot
25x75. Apply 28 Ninth st.
COTDKTKY K_A_ —STATJ..
ANCH^FOR S A ' _E— *2OO" ACR~ES : "" li/ 2 MILES
from Flacervllle, El Dorado County; 50 acres
in cultivation; good assortment fruit trees: 22 va-
rieties table grapes, which are shipped all over the
United States and Mexico, enjoying fine reputa-
tion; no irrigation required; house of 6 rooms and
cellars; furniture; kitchen utensils; large; barns
and complete outfit farming implements; terms
reasonable. Address Ranch, box 28, Placerville.
CalL ..•'-■■-.-■..■■■
(Dj n C AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
«IP I «J land: easy terms.
(JljOC per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
' "tjp DO Pleasanton.AlamedaCo. ; terms to suit also
a few improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; will ex-
change. LEE & KISER, 306 Montgomery st.
TOCK ranch, 3040 level san
O Joaquin Valley land: fenced and cross-fenced;
1000 acres under cultivation; absolutely no waste
land; 3 flowing artesian wells; 300 fee. to water;
good ranch buildings: farming tools ana stock go
with the ranch; price *10 per acre; unincumbered.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal.
<SJ»OA/|A EQUITY IN ALAMEDA CITY TO
<JPOV/WU. exchange for same value good grain
or fruit land; Alameda County preferred; line cor-
ner, 75x75, with 9-room double-tenement cottage.
Principals address "Home Builder," room 8, floor
8, Mills building, S. F. <
mo LET, $100 PER YEAR, 4-ACRE CHICKEN
JL ranch, new 1-story ' 4-room house. 4 cnicken
houses: barn, well of water; close to town. G. C.
YOUNG, Petaluma.
pHEAP LANDS— NO VATO, MARIN COUNTY;
\J any one wanting a fruit or chicken ranch
should send for our list.
We have a large assortment of Improved and un-
improved property; tracts cut any size desired;
terms to suit; town lots-ami villa sites.
SHAND & RIBLET, Novato, Marin County.
NAP— CHEAPEST STOCK RANCH ON THE
coast: 2000 acres; fenced: house: lots of water;
extra range; quarter plow land; feed all the time;
Improvements cost $£000;'soid to pay debts: price
$3 60 per acre. WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth St.,
Oakland. •„■.:>•'
TUNE QUARTZ, GRAVEL, MINING AND
JD timber property in Nevada Co. Call or write H.
L. W., 719 Folk St., city: call Mod., Wed., Sat.
ft-ACRE TRACTS NEAR SAN MATEO; GOOD
O soil, view and drainage: easy terms; $300 per
f.cre. JAMEs MASON, Notary Public, 425 Cali-
fornia st.
©1 A AAA WILL BUY A SPLENDID BUSI-
©Ii.UUU nps , block, which bring* 500 in-
come per year and is under a lease for six years.
W. G. HAWLEY A CO.. '
17 South First St., San Jose, Cal.
* LAMEDA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE ON
■A your own terms at $35 per acre: 11,2 hours
from San Francisco. . BOHLIN & PROPER, 57,
Chronicle building. .
T7*AKM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
A sizes, improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda 1 'ounty. Inquire of 8. SALZ,
Centreville , . - . -
WANTED— TO BUY A GOOD, WELL-IM-
proved farm in one of the bay counties: value
not to exceed $7500. Address HARRY M. MORSE,
906 Broadway, Oakland.
$1O MAO, A BEAUTIFUL HOME AND
ifp-*-A.Vr\J\J. fruit ranch at Mountain View,
Santa Clara County; only 5 .minutes' walk from
station and school; nil bearing: complete equip-
ment for drying; all modern improvements; the
income is $2500 per year, sure; this is a place that
will stand investigation. WALTER A. CLARK,
Mountain View, Cal.
ARIN COUNT'*— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
irom San Francisco. • -
• Rancho de Novato. -
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; tern— mada
to suit; send for circular.
' Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronidle building.
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
JU proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. WING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTER & WH ITTON. San Jose.
*io>t;v '*.'_ i.oa>. ~
"arTc Aft ft ft A ON RE a _ _ST AT_l; LOWE ST
tjfcUUl'jUUlJ'rates. A.BCHULLEK.SOB Montgy
<3t ( )(\f\ ftftft MOD-RATE RATES OF IN-
«3D^UU.UUU. terest. Km 214, 328 Montgmy.
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELRY. ETC
JrV Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 Grout aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 21* or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery,. rooms 2-3.
V/J ONEY NED ON JEWELRY AND
l'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..cr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
TTIIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
X/ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bid:?, 1170 Market st.
OANS ON REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
J mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alamedft, any
amount: lowest rates. | BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
ST & 'ill MORTGAGES; -INTERESTS IN ES-
slowest rates:no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
PAWN BKOK Kits. J
AT 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates : pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
• - : FiNAiStIIAL, • . . ,-. ,
rt% '^/wwvrk^TO^O AX"oN~iriFE TnSUiC
«Jp-L Ul/.uU'' ance policies; bankbooks bought ;
also CriDple Creek mining stocks. ; JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ, room 9, 330 Pine st.
tUliCA'lioAAi..
TNT^TRUCTICrNrt^ wI3«TETS""ISr^RTTHME^ '
J. lie; business methods; reasonable. C. J., box 2,
Call Office. ....... ■
T7IRENCH, OEKMAN, SPANISH— S. EV.
J classes: $2 month. School, Flood building. ; :
VRENCH, SPANISH, ETC.— PROF. DE FIL-
£ IPPE'S Academy Languages, 32o Post : est.lB7l
M~~RS. MELVILLE sNV i) It, STUDIO 514
Suiter; . teacher vocal music, piano, elocu-
tion; ' dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal and
Shakespearean classes; stage dancing; minuet,
gavotte, etc
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
d Ninth st. - ' - '■ ■' -■'■ ..-. . - .-"--*,-■• ■
SPANISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterscbaft School Languages. 122 O'Farrell at
OICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
* YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
__ lege: individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
Cay and evening 325 Montgomery st. .. .■[.-,
"PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. : 1707 Market.
/"1 lIITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
Ijr lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHA€S, 39 Fifth.
AN JO, PIANO AND GUITAR,; 500 PER LES-
son; music furnished. 125 Tenth st. -■_ 
T)ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
X> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. s and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mitt.
S~~CHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, ME-;
k5 chanlcal engineering.' surveying, architecture,
assay: *Blub. '64. ; VAN DEE NAILLEN, 723Mk_!
HE ALD'S B USI N ESSICOLLEG E. 24 post stT
n Bookkeeping, : business practice, - shorthand, ;
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, Write for catalogue. . ■
TIGHTSCHOUL;tIEALDsBUS. COLLEGER*
X* Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low rae* :
"ITIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; KKA-
, ; V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1046y 2 Valencia.
r^HEMISTRYs'AND ASSAYING. -CUNNINU-
\J ham's School, «-or. Geary and Powfll ats. ""■:-•-'
■/.■-;■';■ . sKwiMG^aaiACHJLWiss/'. ::'-:-,. r .
» A r "__."'KlNbS BOUGHT," SOLD, EXCHANGE^
J\- rented, repaired; lowest rates.; 205 Fourth at.
i__ii___i_ni iniß- unt -urni-ii- umiKTi mM I*^r1 *^ r 1 irni^^Tr_-tt^-MBf_*_fi-V'-r~Tf
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES FOR SALE— MONTHLY PAY-
menu $16, $20, $25, ?30: no cash down: we
have special bargains in this line. '-,-■ - ■ .
"Also some very rare • bargains from " 3500 to
$1000, less thanjiheir. cash value; terms $100 or
more.cash; balance to suit; see them; they are A l.
; We have a large list of suburban and country
homes, fruit and grain ranches; special agents *or
that department • . •
• We have the finest and largest house-renting
agency in the city of Oakland; visiting strangers
and friends most cordially welcome. . .
We take pleasure in showing' you our city free
of charge; carriages await your pleasure. *■ < •
-.- J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
Best bargain in frujt vale-house 6
rooms, with or without furniture: barn, two
] chicken-houses.' 100 chickens: artesian \ve:i, wind-
mill and tank; fruit trees and shrubbery; horse,
harness and . phaeton: lot 100x210 ; " price only
$2250. For terms see owner at Frultvale Land
Company, Fruit vale station. • . _ .. ;
O EXCHANGE— FOR RANCH OR
other property. ALDEN & .KRONENBERU,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
st9^nn 10-ROOM HOUSE, WITH LOT 50x
<iip^O\J\J . 132; well located: near cars; rented
$20 per month: a bargain. ALDEN & KRONEN-
BERg, 902 Broadway, Oakland. ■.-■-. • '
ffi»7Knn BEAUTIFUL SUBUBBAN RESI-
i «Jp I O\J\J . deuce and 3 acres : ■ has been sold for
$20,000: apply at once.* ALDEN & KRONEN-
BERG, 902 Broadway, Oakland. ■ . -
HOTEL, 53 ROOMS AND 5-HOOM COTTAGE;
: -U- each completely furnished: corner lot 60x
116; in good city: 60 miles from San Francisco:
doing fine business; part trade, part cash. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Y\r ANTED— HOUSii-RENTJNG AND CARE
»» of your Oakland property; reference First
National Bank. F. KINGS, real estate agent, 457
Ninth st.. Oakland.
A LAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Hjß>rrr^jH*E^T?o^jMX^H?scl^Ll^
tSOO. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAHbDA REAL. STATE.
© <mnn ?50 cash and $20 per month 7
i$Z.\J\J\J. cottage 4 room s.
$2300— 5300 cash and $25 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms.
$2750— 5250 cash and $25 per month: new cot-
tage of 5 rooms.
$3000— 5500 cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms. 1 •
$3000— 5200 cash and $25 per month; house of 6
rooms.
$4000— cash and $40 per month; house of 7
rooms.
All modern houses on improved streets and near
the trains. We have ulso on hand a few maenifi-
cient homes, new and modern, at greatly reduced
prices and easy terms. • ...
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY,
1364 Park st., Alameda.
<&')Qflfk AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE;
tjrZ.O\jyj. 5 rooms and bath ; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732.
$1750— Cottage: 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
month ; a snap— No. 736.
. $2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739.
$1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate: corner;
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
make 3 building lots. .
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; no
cash down; $30 per month— No. 698.
$950 — acres lanJ on Bakers aye.: worth
$1700; one-half casn. .
Choice lots for sale, houses to let In - all parts Of
Alameda. H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st. •
POULTRY RANCH — FOR SALE OR EX-
X change, a complete poultry plant: 3 acres of
land, house, stable, horse and wagon: 800 fowls;
orchard ; plenty of water. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park
street, Alameda. *
(JTj 1 f\f\ TO 250 DOWN, «25 MONTHLY: NEW
tJS i. \J\J 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc : with large
lot; $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
pOTTAGK FURNISHEdTT^OOMS AND
VJ bath; rent $18. H. a, 926 Taylor aye., Ala-
meda. ' . _^ _^_^^^^^
BhKlv t-l~r: 1 I'.JiAi^ :; JbSi'ATJi.
mHERB~IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME, IF IT IS
X in Berkeley: look at this— house of 7 rooms,
concrete foundation, large lot, overlooking the bay,
and only $2500. J AS. J. MASON. Berkeley station.
G. MAY & - CO., REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
tl Insurance, removed to Berkeley station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. , .}.
AND*LOTs!^--~^^ ~^
tJO 105 ranches, large and small. :
140 vacant lots, everywhere. — — — — — — — — >
• 46 hotels and lodging-houses. : —
103 business places, all prices. —
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER
I SELL AND EXCHANGE — —
All Kinds of property. — — ■
.H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. ■
ANTED— TO EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE
■ for good upright piano. W. A. D., box 6, this
office. .
(JUqp.Aft FLAT MORTGAGE OF . $700: :
«!T Oi)\J\J . house, 10 rooms, on a main street in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth st,, Oakland.
1 >JQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J-~Ov/water: tine for cattle-raising. X..hx.l6.CaU
HORSES. ■■ .■■-.- ~~--
olTsAXEl^HirAlMft^'O^^
match span and one extra fine single family
horse. ; Address M., box 107. Call Office.
/~1 OLD WATCH OR NEW SEWING MACHINE
VJT to trade for horse and buggy. E. H. CASt;, 1505
Market st. •
TF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR.EX-
Jl change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 2*o VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.. .
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR UIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st. - ■
1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
-L and feed year round. G. W. LUCY, 302 Market st.
"I rf| SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
-1 O\J ness: all kinds; wagona, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. !
K. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SCR-
Keon for S. F. Police Department. , Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WaOO«
" v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horss ;
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wee no*
day. SULLIVAN <fe DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
"I SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALIi
; IUU kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheaD horses. Fifteenth and Valencia su.
, , LtGAL BtOTIUJCfI,  . . .""',
C*~ TtST^a n~d~~count y^'trXasu ry^ San
Francisco, '■ March 21, 1896.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section sof order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15, ■
1880, there will be sold at public antion by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 83 Sutler
; street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stclen, lost and unclaimed ;
property recovered by the police force of San
Francisco, as detailed In an inventory ■ thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn,
ing of sale. A. C. WIDBER,
. . . -■■• ' City and County Treasurer.
N THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10. .:
In the matter of the application for voluntary.
dissolution of. "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" •(a corporation). : Notice of bearing. ; No.
13.048.- ••'.:■."■• .
I Notice Is hereby given that The San Ysidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of -California, has presented
to the Superior Court of j the State of California in
and for the City and County of San ; Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and thai
MONDAY, . the 20th day of . April, 1896, at .the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that duy, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-'
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new. City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as* the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard. -:
, . In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand
and affixed - the . seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. .
[Seal.] ••■:■'■• > C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
„.; By WM. R. A. JOHNSON, ;
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
■ -"• of the Superior Court. =' " . . . '
: DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney ' for Peti- 1
tioners. ' ■' ■■■ "'?.:•■ ■ '■ ■!■**■■■:,-; ? :- :
IN THE SUPERIOR court OF THE state
of California, In and for the City and County of
San Francisco. ■ Department No. 10. - - *
■'• In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution ■ or •; "The Dinsmore Water • Company" ;
(a corporation)^ Notice of hearing. No. 18,949. . '
; Notice is hereby given that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in , and for the'
City and County of San ;■ Francisco -an application
praying to De dissolved, and that , MONDAY, the
20lh day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. m. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and the courtroom of Department No ,
10 of said Superior Court |in ■ and for the City and '
County of San Francisco, in the new Cltv Hall,'
Han Francisco, Cal., are appointed aa the time
and place at which said 'cation j will be heard.
! In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
; and affixed - the '• seal of ; said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 189 U. - •■ ■*• , * .
[Seal.] v C. F. CURRY, County Clerk. '*
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON, " .
Deputy County Clerk and ex-offlcio Deputy Clerk
• of the superior Court. - - ; ' V '< ■: •
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
i tioners. ■ . : ■• -.
STORAGE
AB. SMITH: FURNITURE: CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
TH. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, $1 50 per load
TORAGK OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. O3BORN & CO., 751 and 753 Market St.
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
ii. ture, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. HOUSE-
. hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
ILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
"" Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
PHYSICIANS. T
"p^M^vl^D^Dß^^^DON^Lir^O^Oe
AX Market St.; diseases of woman a specialty.
R. E. F. WEST, 107 LX A YEN WORTH ST.,
nr. Golden Gate aye.: ofiice and residence.
R.A.deLUCIS.PHYSICN-SURGEON.ROYAL
University Tnrin^ltaly. Nucleus hldg.6t>l Markt
fIIAKKIAGU: LfUJUfdlfCfc
The followine marriage licenses were issuel br .
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
' S. Negodich and Henrietta Hammers, 33—20.
C. S. Fleming and Ada B. Limbaugh, "I — 19.
G. Bactocco and "Margherita Sanguinettl, 28—19.
, DIVORCE PROCiiEDIJSUi.
Complaint filed: .
Francis Kupf^r against F. J. Knpfer. :"
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same, published.
BORN. '
ASHER-In Oakland, March 24, 1896, to the wife
of Louis Aster, a son. ' ■ • ":
BURDETTE— In this city, February 24. 1896, to
the wife of Charles Burdette, a daughter.
McHALE— In Elmhurst, March 22, 1896, to the
wife of G. B. Me Hale, a son. ■ ".
SMITH— In this city, March 21. 1896, to the wife
• of Captain Isaac L. Smith, a son. .
MARRIED. .
REIMERS— In this city, March 21,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Andrew Arent-
. son and Catharina Sophia Charlotte Reimers.
BECKER— HART— In San Jose. March 22, 1896,
by the Rev. Rabbi A. Brown, Charles Becker of
San Francisco and Rosalie Hart of San Jose.'
EATON— MORRISON— In this city, March- 25.
1896., by the Rev. Dr. Dille, William A. Eaton of
. Memphis, Mich., and Annie - Morrison of Sao
Francisco.
KAUFMANN-KAISER— In this city, March 26,
1 896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Friedrich C.
Kaufmann and Louise 11. Kaiser. ...
KERMODE-SOUTH— In ! Cornwall, Contra Costa
County, Cal., March 25, 1896, by the Rev. F. H.
Wales of Black Diamond, Cal., Thomas E. Ker-
mode and Gertrude A. South, both of Cornwall,
Cal. • .. .--•.■•:■.-;.
DIKU.
Burke, Stephen J. Johnston, Andrew
' Condon, Joseph J. j Mahoney, Timothy - ;
De Witt, William L. Mayers, Susanna
Dallas. Mr«. Amanda Monferran, Henry
■ Dray, Henry D. Nannlngs, Derrick J.
Gorman, Page B. '. Sartorius, Mrs. Helen*
Gray, John M. . ■ Schulken. Julia
Hatherton, Edward A. Wall. Margaret
Holllday, Laura . Webb, Adelaide E. \
BUBKE— In this city. March 27, 1896. Stephen
J.. dearly beloved husband of Rose Burke, father
of Harry, Ethel, Rita, ana Willie Burke, son of
James and the late Catherine • Burke, and
brother of John, Joseph and Thomas Burke,
Mrs. E. Burke and Mrs. T. Madigan, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 42 years 3 months and 1
day. . • . ■ ,
j£S"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend trie funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. v.. from his late
residence, 31 Sliver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high ' mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CONDON this city, March 28. 1896, Joseph J.,
beloved husband cf "Christina Condon, and son of
Ellen and the late Morris Condon, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years. . >':' T ' r
Jt"S"Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence. 1138 Howard street, thence to St.
• Joseph Church for services. Interment private,
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DE WITT— At Hunters Point. South San Fran-
cisco, March 27, 1896, William L. de Witt,
a native of Memphis, Term., aged 62 years. •
DALLAS— In this city. March 27, 1896, Mrs.
Amanaa Dallas, aged 56 years.
JO"Notice of funeral hereafter.
DRAY— In this city. March 27, 1898, Henry
Daniel, infant son of the late John Dray.
'• fig-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from the residence
of his parents, 557 Harrison street.
GORMAN— In this city, March 27, 1896. Page
Bennett, beloved child of James K. and Helena
Gorman, aged 1 year 5 months and 5 days. -
«*~rinterment from the residence, 15 Tilden
street, TO-MORROW (Sunday). Strictly private
GRAY— In this cltv. Marcti 28. 1H96, John M.
Gray, a native of Kentucky, aged 67 years.
S(S~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA V
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par*
' lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, < near Twenty-first. Inter-
ment G. A. R. Cemetery Plat.
HATHERTON— In this city, February 29, 1898,
Edward A. Hatherton, a native of England, aged
64 years.
HOLLIDAY— In this city, March 26, 1896, Laura,
beloved daughter of Margaret and the late John
Holliday, 'and sister of Mrs. Emma McCaffrey
and William, John. Joseph and David Holliday,
a native of San Francisco, aged 17 years 8
months and 14 days.' A member of Yosemlte
Parlor, N. D. G. W. , . -
BSgT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30. o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence of her mother, 218 Steiner street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem % high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
sou!, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
N. D. G. W.— Members of Yosemlte Parlor No. 83,
N. D. G. W. : You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Laura Hollidar,
TO-MORROW (Sunday], at 8:30 O'clock a. m.,
from her late residence, 218 Sterner street. . By
1 order of me President, '" . •
-. MARY P. CAMPBELL, M.D.
Irma Geyser. Rec. Sec.
JOHNSTON— In this city, March 27. 1896, at the
German Hospital, Andrew Johnston. late Lloyds
surveyor Hongkong, a native of 'London, Eng-
land, aged 51 years.
*3"Friends are invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,
from St. John's Hall, Masonic Temple, under
the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. and
A. M.
MAHONEY— In this city, March 27, 1898. Timo-
thy Mahoney, a native of Albany, N. V., aged 63
years. . Old pioneer carrier of the mail in 1869.
89~Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock m.. 'from the par-
lors of J. Godeau & Co., 326 and 328 Montgomery
avenue, near Vallejo street. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery. . ...;..
MAYERS— In this city. March 24, 1896, Susanna
, Mayers, a native of Alsace, aged 86 years.
MONFERRAN— In this city, March 26, 1896.
Henry, beloved husband of Maria Monferran,
and stepfather of Richard Williams and the late
Mamie Medovich, a native of France, aged 47
years and 7 months. - v-
£9* Remains at .the parlors of Halsted it Co.,
946 Mission street. Notice of funeral in Sunday
morning's papers.
NAN N INGS— In this city, March 26, 1896, Derrick
J.,"belo ved husband of Emma Nannings, father of
■ Cornelia, Emma and Mabel Nannlngs, son of
the late Captain Philip and Cornelia Nannlngs,
and brother of the late Dr. John Nannings, a na-
tive of Holland, aged 33 years 9 months and S
days. ; ''■'-.'. ■ • '.' ': ■■-■■ . . ■ ■:■■.■■■'■■■,'"
ay Friends ana . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), -at 2 o'clock p. • ML, from his * late
residence, 6 Chattanooga street. Interment
: I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • -,
SARTORIUS— this city, March 25. 1896, Mrs.
Helene Sartorius, beloved mother of John George
' Sanorius, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 70
years 3 months and 10 days. ■ • ■
'■■• Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:30 O'clock a. M.. from the resi-
dence of her son, 1646 Howard street, corner
Thirteenth, thence to St. Markus Church, O'Far-
rell street, between -Franklin and Gough, where*
I funeral services will be held |at 10 o'clock a. 11.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. \
SCHULKEN— In this city, March 22, 1896. Julia,
I beloved wife of Henry Schnlken. and mother of
Freddie, Annie, Tillio and Louise Scbulken^and i
sister of Julius Schulken. Mrs. C. Strube and
Mrs. Captain Haake, and niece of Mrs. A. Anne-
. maun, Mrs. L. Tbiele and George Hager. a native
of Germany, aged 36 years , 2 months and 28
days. A member of HoSnungs Lodge No. 1, O.
d. H. R. : • ■ -:, - ■■: ,-'■ ... \ ■. - -. -,
aSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the interment TO-MOR- '
ROW (Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. it at Cypress I
Lawn Cemetery. :. '- ■ ■-■ ■ .... ••- ,_. , ..;• .
WALL— In this city, March 26, - 1896, Margaret,
1 wile of the late James Wall, and beloved mother
of Lena, Mary, James. . Edward. Robert and
■ Frank • Wall, ' a native of County Wexford, Ire-
land, aged 60 years. . - • • ; -,-
JBSrFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from. St. Patrick's
■- Church, : Mission street, between ' Third and ■
Fourth. - ; .■■■■■■-:. : ■;,- . ■-•- ■ : .■•-; ■
WEBB— In Alameda, March 27. 1896, Adelaide E.
Webb, beloved daughter of Mrs. A. E. Greennell,
and sister of Frank E. Webb,' a native of Angels
Camp, Cal., aged 28 years 5 montlis and 17 days.
■ I^t UNITED UNDERTAKERS'" I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
• Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
'■•;■ 7 ct Reasonable Rates. ■ ■. -■...-
-- Telephone South 167. *27 and 29 Fifth st.
" McAVOY & CALLACHER, j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMS, I
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. I
, - Telephone 3080. '" 'I
1516
THEY WILL GO
ON THE STAGE
William. Dailey Will En
gage Mattie Overman
as a Heroine.
THE PLAY OF A CENTURY
In Which Mrs. Tunnell Will
Also Appear as Dr. Brown's
Friend.
CONTRACTS TO BE SIGNED.
Richard C. White Writing a Play
That Will Eclipse the Interdicted
Durrant Case.
A play is now being written in
■which Mattie Pverman and Mrs. Tunnell
are to have the star parts. Of course the
play will follow very closely the rather
dramatic incidents of the recent careers of
the Rev. Charles O. Brown and Mrs. Mary
A. Davidson.
Richard C. White is the author of the
play. He says it will eclipse even the fa
mous Dnrrant play.
Billy Dailey has gone to Mexico to bring
back .Mattie Overman and Mrs. Tunnell.
They will be the heroines of the play. The
hero will pose as Dr. Brown, the wronged
pastor, while Mrs. Davidson will be the
arch villain of the plot.
It is only the other day that the Su
preme Court, in its own legal way of ex
pressing things, said, practically, that Su
perior Court Judge Murphy had no right
to go and interdict the production of that
great play, "The Crime of a Century," a
lyric gem, based on the murders of Blanche
Lamont and Minnie Williams by Theo
dore Durrant.
The play, written by Richard C. White,
the veteran actor, and promoted by Billy
Dailey, who tried to produce it on a stock
company basis, was staged at the Alcazar
on Monday night, July 19, 1895.
The bouse was crowded with people,
whose morbid curiosity had been aroused
by newspaper reports of the Durrant trial,
then in progress. Hundreds of people
were unable to secure seats or even stand
ing room, and a season of unusual pros
perity was promised.
White, the rising playwright, saw him
self as a Hoyt, and Dailey, why — well.
Abbey or any of the greatest would not be
in it with him. Dailey felt assured of this
because he had once managed the great
James J. Corbet* in the latter's initial
stage venture, and he knew what was what.
It was at this juncture that Judge
Murphy did what the Supreme Court has ■
said he should not have done and caused
the Sheriff to step on the stage during the
second act and stop the performance.
Manager Dailey was angered, that goes
without saying. For months he fumed
over his and his friends' arrest and threat
ened all kinds of suits for damages, which
he claimed had been caused by the un
timely interference.
Still, when The Call correspondent in
terviewed Mr. Daiiey in Los Angeles the
day the decision was rendered, he was in
a most pacific mood. Judge Murphy had
done him a wrong, he said, but he rose
above that; he soared, in fact, and said he
forgave the man who had prevented him
from making a fortune.
"I am sorry," he said, "that I ever
went into a venture calling upon me the
disapproval of the public. - I do not want
to engage in anything more of. the kind,
hence I will not attempt to again sta;ge
'The Crime of a Century.' Anyhow it l is
too late now, and the public are no longer
interested."
"Dailey is all right," asserted one of his
friends in Morocco's Theater last night.
"He's just pulling, somebody's leg. He
doesn't want it to be Known that he is
having Richard C. White writing a play
on the evidence and . story from the case
of Dr. Brown and Mattie Overman.
•'Dailey has been in communication
; with- Mattie Overman ever since she dis
appeared from this City for fear of having
to testify at the Davidson trial. Sh«» went
to Tia Juana, across the border into Mex
ico, and then she went to Knsenada, where
Mrs. Tunnell joined her by steamer from
San Diego. .
- "The last I heard from Billy he had ar
ranged to meet the " ladies in San Diego
a day or two after Mrs. Davidson would be
acquitted, and they were to arrange then
on what terms the two stars would con
sent to an engagement;
I "Miss Overman especially, Dailey writes,
is anxious for the engagement, and she* has
•won over Mrs. Tunnell, who was diffident
at first. They are both clever women, with
much self-control, good voices and they
are intelligent. There is no reason why
Dailey should not have trump cards in
that kind of material.
"Dailey proposed that Mrs. Davidson
should also be engaged, but it did not meet
with the approval of the other ladies. It
seems they are at outs. I did not follow
the Brown scandal very closely, i>o I can
not tell exactly where the hitcb comes in.
It is too bad, however. Mr*. Davidson,
and in fact Dr. Brown himself, could not
be brought into the cast with Overman
and Tunnell. Mr«. Davidson, I hear, will
Jg«_i'* on h»r own account. She is coins to
Jft'Vrf flnri im rtnntt «*!je rliV do 7
tnew TO-DAT.
(uticura
WORKS
Wonders
In curing torturing, disfiguring, hu-
miliating humours of the Skin,
Scalp, and Blood when all else fails.
f aid ftms&Nt the werM. BriEA Oepe»« F. Nr«.
jftst a asws. i. Kioj fiwtrd tt-. v—<«m rone*
AH* an* Cmm. Com-, fete frep*-, ***». tl. *. A.
don't know what Brown intends doing
after this. But if he wants a job 1 know
Dailey will treat him right.
"No, I do not know exactly the plot of
the play. I heard some of it the other
day, but it has slipped my memory. There
are some strong situations. There is the
meeting of Brown and Miss Overman in a
Pullman north bound. He, a very sick
man, is tenderly nursed by the young girl,
who, as a result of her nightly vigil, falls
quite ill. The d6ctor, having recovered, is
recalled to this City by a clamoring
congregation and, although his heart
is almost breaking, he must leave
the young woman in a pub
lic hospital. Reaching this City he
sends Mrs. Tunnell north to care for Miss
Overman. The two form quite an attach
ment for each other, and likewise both
nurse in each other a worship for Dr.
Brown. Jealousy follows when they dis
cover this. At this time Mrs. Davidson,
the villain of the plot, steps in. Kind and
good natured from outward appearance,
but dark as night wiihin, she learns ttre
love secret of the two other women and
decides to tatce advantage of the situation.
She joins the pastor's congregation and
causes herself to be liked by him for her
good work as a Christian teacher,
lv I hi* way she has three unsus
picious people under her thumb. She
has her entree everywhere and
manages to abstract letters and shift them
to suit her villainous purpose from one
household to another, and then she drops
her mask and demands a king's ransom
for her silence.
"In the meantime the pastor's wife, who
knows a thing or two herself, has been
playing a bit of diplomatic detective work
on her own account. She unravels the
whole scheme of the Davidson woman and
when the ransom is to be paid over she
steps in and causes the woman's arrest.
"Of course I mention all these names
because they are familiar, but tne people
playing the parts will be called something
else. It will be a great show, won't it?"
HONORS FOR MRS. PEET.
Her Birthday to Be Celebrated
by All Temperance
Unions.
The President of the State Woman's
Christian Temperance Union an
Active Philanthropist.
All the Women's Christian Temperance
unions of the State will celebrate the an
niversary of Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet's
birthday, April 27, as Franchise day.
They are preparing for all-day sessions,
and the programmes will relate to woman
suffrage and incidentally the life and
work of their esteemed president.
Mrs. Peet has been the president of the
California Woman's Christian Temper
ance. Fnion for several years. She has
done yeoman service in woman suffrage
ranks for a still longer period, and during
the last three sessions of the Legislature
was active in her efforts for legislation
favorable to her sex and in the interest of
refoim.
Her home is at San Jose, but she spends
Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet, President of the State Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, Whose Birthday Will Soon Be Celebrated.
much of her time in this City in confer
ence with other State officers of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
and in assisting in philanthropic work.
She was one of the promoters of the move
ment that resulted in the organization of
the Woman's Federation for Public Good.
THE BLACK PLAGUE.
It la Again Causing m Great Many
Deaths in Different Cities
of China.
W. B. Rdminster. manager ■ for O vide
Musin, the violinist, returned here last
night from Hongkong on the Coptic, en
route to his home in Chicago...
11. says the black plague is again infest
in:: various cities in China, especially the
L sorts ,-nd _ zivtt cities,- Tb*ri» have brvn a
', i,rcut u;ar.y deaths.
11 1 he day before the steamer tailed from
Hongkong," he Raid taut n t k t at the
Grand, "there were forty deaths, and prior
to that for a good while deaths im<t been
fully as great on the average. The di«*aa*
attacks the poorer cl.i^- of native* more
than any other. It does not bother the
European except a little, vrbvn it Is n»sit ,
by a shunt sickness at the stomncb. ■
"There wc/e twenty patients in the ha*- i
pital »i i he time «*« i<*ft. Of conn* o&ijr ■
rather the bitter clasw:* get there. '» ht '-,
poorer p*>op!e die wli»r»» they are. There I* a j
good deal of interest in the black |>!acu» *<■<} •
considorable fear of it. CM cour»e it la vert
dangerous to the natives, so many of
whom liv in filth and poverty/."
Mr. Edtuinster will only be here a few
days.
Vi-rfiii ( ..nrnrdl* K.tarlioH.
Last evening the following oSieft* of the
V err in Concord U »tr» ciected and la»tall«<i !
tor the ensuing torn: Prwiidet.t, . Henry ,
■ssMk; vic«- president, I'«uJ lull: secre- i
taiy, Adolph A»m«nn;fln«a< T i«le*cr«!*r7,Con- ;
r*d \Vu«ttefeld; treuarrr, 'll. ~£'r«4fcl fuard,
WilUsra 11. Smith: turL-poa K. F. Lord. Ml*. .
iro»t«*- i; J. Mink. Jum-i.li rii^Hng, H.Don
tlit, r. X*y -t. Ed Wrc»i. . After th 3 Initaiiailou
th« %en hi »i« t down to » coliatica, wbtcb was
gotten up with the un« good taste tbat char
acterize* all their undertaking*.
Ladies' Soothers ties, $1 43, all Jet, tTery
toe. hi**. 6. Jm , j,. ay iu rs< xr t ij sTccue, •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1806,
SOURCE OF THE
ROENTGEN RAY.
Berkeley Professors Still
Guarded in Their
Statements.
THEIR GREAT DISCOVERY
X-Rays May Come From the
Anode or Glass of the
Tube.
ALL THE WORLD INTERESTED.
Experiments of Cory and Le Conte
Sustain the Theories of the
English Physicists.
Although nothing further was done yes
terday by the university experimenters at
Berkeley toward advancing the discoveries
as to the source of the wonder
ful X, or Roentgen, rays the state
ment of Professor Cory published in The
Call yesterday has awakened great inter
est in scientific circles, not only in this
City and State, but all over the world.
It is no exaggeration to say, in fact, that
the eyes of the whole world are now turned
to Berkeley and scientific men of almost
every complexion are awaiting with keen
interest the further results of Professor
Cory's and Mr. Le Conte's experiments.
The discovery of the. real source of the
Roentgen ray, often miscalled the cathode
ray, is of almost as much importance, or
at least second in importance only to the
primary discovery of Professor Roentgen
itself. For when the source of the strange
ray has been laid bare such experiments as
those already made by the Wizard Edison
—that of seeing through a solid substance
for instance — will no longer be mysterious
and occult, but will take their places in
regular order as an established science.
To-day the experiments will be resumed,
when, it is confidently expected, the re
sult" already obtained will be still further
corroborated by additional proof.
Professor C. L. Cory and Instructor
Joseph Le Conte of the department of me
chanics at the university received many
congratulations yesterday because of their
success in tracing the source of the X-ray
farther than has been done by any other
experimenters, either on this coast or in
the East.
Dr. Joseph Le Conte, the veteran geolo
gist at the university, has been almost as
deeply interested in the work of the expe
rimenters as they are themselves. At the
first experiments with the ray at Berkeley
when photographs were taken of coins in
a leather purse, Dr. Le Conte was present
and offered suggestions as ' to : how the
methods might be simplified. In the re
cent partial discovery he has been equally
interested, and seems to believe that the
two young men who have - been ■ develop
ing the new theory are on the right track.
Professor Christy has also been an inter
ested party and has rendered service in the
matter of developing " the photographic
impressions.
In the first work which was begun at
Berkeley about six weeks ago, Professor
Frederick Slate and Mr. Drew of the de
partment of physics were in constant At
tendance and consultation with Professor
Cory and the others at the Mechanics'
building, but they have been so com
r pletely o«;upij*d wit.il vtWir Wurk r*c*t*ily
1 that they have been able" to give but little
! time to the itoentfteti ray and its possibili
i..-v The work of tracing .'- source or
origin, which >• of «u«b wide importance,
ban been conducted wholly by Protestor
Cory at*4 Mr. I* rente.
*O. V. • n(*. a local photographer, has
i ia»<Urnl .r.»alu*4>i« services in the matter
I oi t"-itj-!n,: mix the photographic impres
e*?A* \o*d«» »•<• th* idatiwi, " Mid Protestor
(,'<*■» j*.-<!»r« "and to him much credit it
. vJU*«** iJe'tos • complete pbotographtr
a j!T;.;;,"ir«n >ci up in the Mechanic-*' build
ing tor the special purpose of developing
the tiegatiires produced by the Roentgen
ray. At was stated in this morning*
Call no one ban yet made or, at least, is
reported to have made the progress
tor rd the solution of . the origin of the
wonderful ray equal to that of the Berke
ley experimenters. The results whir they
have attained thus far verify the theories
advanced by Lodge, Hicks, Porter and
other English ptrysicists that the origin of
the ray is where the negative stream first
impinges against the solid and gives up
the negative charge.
The experimenters did nothing yesterday
but to make rontt mathematical computa
tions ana get the bulbs and mechanical
devices into condition for further develop
ments. The apparatus for making tests is
much more complete now than at first, so
that their work has been greatly facili
tated.
"What we can yet do," said Professor
Cory, *'in the way of arriving at an abso
lute solution of the problem of tne source
of the cathode ray, we are unable to say,
but we intend to keep on trying until we
either find it out or prove to our
selves that it cannot be deter
mined. We are rather careful about
giving out any extended reports as to
our developments for fear that our fabric
will fall before we have it fully complete.
Scientific men should use much precaution
in the matter of making statements before
they are absolutely sure of their ground."
WANT A WRIT.
The Supreme Court Asked to Interfere
in Judge Troutt'a Recent De
cision.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar
Company has petitioned the Supreme
Court for a writ of prohibition restraining
Judge Troutt from enforcing the decision
he recently rendered in the suit of Claus
Spreckels against the company.
Spreckels sued to have the company re
strained from bringing an action against
him in the courts of Honolulu, and Judge
Troutt decided the case in his favor. A
temporary injunction was issued arid a
stay of execution was granted pending an
appeal. The appeal has taken the form of
an application for a writ of prohibition
restraining Judge Troutt from inaking the
temporary injunction permanent, and re
straining the plaintiff in the suit from
taking advantage of the decision rendered.
The Body Identified.
The body of the man who shot himself in
Golden Gate Park on the 26th inst. was iden
tified at the Morgue yesterday as that of Henry
Monferran, a window-cleaner, aged 42 years,
and formerly a resident at 1002 Pacific street.
He had been despondent over the death of a
sister.
A WAR AMONG THE ROSES
Choicest of Cut Flowers Offered
at Fifteen Cents Per
Dozen.
Violets and Lilacs as Cheap as Ordi
nary Cabbages — Some Florists
May Become Bankrupt.
There is a merry war among the San
Francisco roses.
Florists have piled . their shops full to
the ceiling with the choicest flowers of the
season, and are offering them at prices
which would make a London, New York
or. Paris dealer drop dead with amaze
ment.
• The war is being fought with roses. The
fragrance of the. queen of flowers is the
odor of battle, and the only blood that is
shed flows from the pocketbooks of the
dealers pricked with the thorns of undue
competition.
Too many people are in the business
too many flowers are grown in and around
San Francisco, say the dealers, and the
end must come ■ soon. Many must lie
down in the bed of bankruptcy on a mat
tress of rose leaves, mixed with caterpil
lars and thorns.
Early in the season several dealers, pla
carded their shops with the announcement
that the choicest cut roses" would be sold
in quantities to suit for 65 cents per dozen.
The other dealers saw the cut and put out
bigger signboards, ' offering roses ,at 50
cents. ,-'.-■
--' Violets ; were put to the front also, and
were offered at 10 cents per bunch, and
finally down to two buncnes for 5 cents in
some places. Each bunch contained as
many violets as a man could cover with a
large-sized ' hand opened to its fullest ex
tent. - • •
When lilacs came in they also were en
listed in the war, and yesterday they were
being offered in the florists' shops on Sut
ter. Post and Geary streets at 10 cents per
bunch, each bunch being as big as a flat
Dutch cabbage of adult growth.
Hotter and hotter raged the battle, and
lower and lower fell the prices until roses
were _ offered yesterday " at : 25 • cents per
dozen and in two or three shops at 15 cents.
Nor were they stale or wilted specimens,
or of u the common varieties. They com
prised all shades of tint, perfume and ele
gance. Among" them were la > France,
Jacqueminot, Gloire de ". Dijon, Marecbal
Kiel ! and the gorgeous deep velvet blush
rose, whose perfume is so rich and gener
ous that it renders the air almost burden
some, tea and moss roses, and yellow, and
white,' and pink,' and crimson and purple
were } massed in the general slaughter Jof
prices. . .
The war was a revelation for the tourist
from abroad. At this time : of year fhe
would ' : . cheerfully pay 1a : guinea, or five
solid dollars, for a boutonniere in London
or Paris, but in-; San Francisco ; to-day he
may, bare his pick iof the choicest flowers
with maidenhair fern and -tinfoil thrown
in for 5 cents.
Around Lotta's fountain the air is sweet
with the fragrance of roses, lilacs and vio
lets, the boys selling them to the passers
by at 5 and 10 cents a bunch. : What lovely
woman with the instinct of her sex for the
beautiful things on earth could :. refuse ; to
provide herself with a corsage ; bouquet of
violets margined with mountain fern when
she can get it - for a - nickel! And she
doesn't 'refuse, either,: as . the absent
minded man learns to his confusion when
he bumps bis nose into a bunch of violets
and scatters perfume and bad temper all
over the indignant woman who wears
them. BfM
"This war of cut rates on cut flowers
can't last long," remarked a florist yester
day. "The big dealer* are losing money
anil the •mall fry are barely making a liv
ing. Sum. thin* will have to drop pretty I
*■ •« • •• *••• > then prices ','..'. co.np to a.livia^
point. The trouble is that there are too
many people in the bu^in?** and too many
tiowtr» are irrown. In this climate they
may be r«iH*«i nut of door* »M winter, ami
that's what knocks the business."
THE NEW HOG LIMITS.
Ranch*™ "Will B« Allowed Six Month*
V ISKfure tiffing KrwoTfil Frew
Their I'lare*.
The Health ami Police Committee of th«
Board <>( Supervisors took definite action
regarding the hog limits yesterday, though
th« regulations that will be recommended
to the board will not take effect for si x
months, giving the : ranchers ' practically
seven months in which to tind other
quarters.
. ; A majority of the board wan in favor of'
moving the ranches within three months
when the board last met, but it was de
cided , to give the committee another
chance to consider the matter, and ' the
result was the six months' extension.
Wnen that time: has expired, no hogs
can be raised or -kept in any part of the
City, except in the district «outh of <;«>.'<
Uat« Park ami west M gtanyan. Fowler i
and Ham burg streets, and ■ ■■•. t out of
: .^preckels. Havelock and Onondaga streets,
Amazon avenue and bwtgbl street.
__ ______
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. .^^.^^
BAKG AITDA Y SPECIALS !
This week our regular Saturday bargain offering comprises a
variety of NEW AND SEASONABLE GOODS, all offered for this
special occasion at
Prices That Will Command Attention! '
LACE NECKWEAR !
At $1.00 Each.
YOKE COLLARETTE, Butter Point Yen-
ise Yoke, trimmed with Oriental Lace,
value for $2.
At $1.25 Each.
BATISTE LACE COLLARS, linen shade,
sailor back, regular value $2 25.
At $1.50 Each.
ESCURIALLACE COLLAR, in black and
bvitter, regular value $2 50.
At $2.50 Each.
BATISTE LACE COLLARS, linen shade;
MOUSSELINE DE SOIE AND LACE
COLLARS, Butter Vandyke Lace,
trimmed with Oriental Lace, Collar-
ettes, White Embroidered Yokes and
other novelties; special value at $2 50
each.
LADIES' AND UnOTFDV I
CHILDREN'S fIUOIMI !
At 25 Cents a Pair.
MISSES' FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, full finished, double
knees, heels and toes, Hermsdorf black,
regular value 35c and 40c.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' FINE MACO COTTON HOSE,
double heels and toes, Hermsdorf dye,
black and assorted tan shades, good
value at 35c.
At 83£ Cents a Pair.
LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED LISLE-
THREAD HOSE, high-spiiced heels
and toes, Hermsdorf dye, black boot
and colored top combinations, also all
black, extra good value at 50c.
At 25 Cents Each.
CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIBBED EGYP-
TIAN FLEECED COTTON VESTS,
high neck, long sleeves; pants to
match ; regular value 40c.
mi/ Murphy Building, J
Market anil Jones Streets.
RULED OFF THE TURF
The Sentence Meted Out to
Plunger Little Pete" and
Two Jockeys.
A CHINESE CONFEDERACY.
Jerry Chorn, Chevalier and Hinrichs
Pulled Horses and the Wily
Celestial Cashed Tickets.
'After a reverie k lasting over . a period of
months the i officials of ■ the . California
Jockey Club finally concluded that some
element stronger than luck figured in the
phenomenal successes met J with by the
Celestial plunger, Fong Ching, or as he : is
more ? familiarly Known, ."Little Pete," in
landing on winners >at the Bay District
track.; Detectives ' " were detailed to
solve the ; system , and ; as ', a \ result Jerry
Chorn, the very capable colored rider under
contract to ride I for Bookmaker ■ Barney
Schreiber, and V Hippoly te " ; Chevalier, v a
.clever lightweight, also colored, find them
selves ruled off the turf for life. The same
sentence was meted : out -to the cunning
Chinaman who caused their fall, but to him
that matters but little. Jockey Hinrichs,
the "St. Louis Garrison," - who < during the
summer months was the Chinese plunger's
right bower, was treated most ,' consider
ately ; the board of stewards directing that
a | refusal to - again ride ■a . horse : over 1 the
Bay District course would about fix his
case. \: Dan Williams, the i colored' trainer,
and owner of the horses .Venus, Midas and
Sport ' McAllister Jas \ well " as ■- being . the
guardian of Chevalier, ■ and - who ;it ■;> is
claimed was pretty cognizant of the lad's
wrong-doing has, together with his racers,
been warned off the track:
By many it is claimed - that the Chinese
confederacy has been operating with suc
cess for a period of many months, but that
it is only of late, when some of the asso
ciation books at the Bay ' District track
were getting hard hit, that the
otli'ials decided to probe the mat
ter. Then :it was found that . certain
jockeys were in the habit of visiting China
town at night . and at a rendezvous were
| met by Little Fete, wnere the next day's
TSCi"j; r>ant.-wi»-« rtti^rJaiflwiJs- Aft*P J'l^il,*!
I decoctions of China gin, a highbinder cigar
and a few broiled rats, horses were nicked
out to play and the riders received tu«-ir
instructions. The following day th« pub
{ lie played 'the none in • certain raca that
I figured to «nt, the planner* had their
I choice, but after the race little l'ete was
found in line.
Finally, the stewards claim, one of Hmm
in on the "know," and whose name they I
refuse to divulge, Ift the cat out of the
bag, and the whole schema was laid bur*.
It was corroborated by ; Heinrichs, who
admitted pulling horses to the gain of the
Chinese plunser. Others -are also under
suspicion, ana may be compelled to Quit
the turf before the stewards complete their
investigation.
Coady, who rode the favorite, Cabrillo,
in the run won by Sir Kichard on March
2S, has < also earned a rest, the stewards
•©•pending him indefinitely for failing to
ride . the horse according to the orders
issuru from the indues" stand.
The running \of Fairfaitb ■ has also got
steeplechase rider Andy Ulakcloy into
difficult!**. The first time our the bong
ran last and at hi- HnM appearance won
handily, so it was decided by the stewards
to refuse any more entries from Mr.
Blakelev. l he ownership of : Fairfaith
is in doubt and as it was thought
"Tom" Griffin transferred the horse to
Blakeley's name merely to escape a "run
up" in event of bit winning a selling nee,
GLOVES !_ GLOVES!
At 45 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate
shades, regular value $1, will be offered
at 45c a pair.
At 50 Cents.
1000 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, col-
ors mode and slate, regular value 85c,
will be offered at 50c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1000 pairs 6-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE CHAMOIS SKIN
GLOVES, in natural color and white,
regular value $1, will be offered at 65c a
pair.
At 75 Cents.
950 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, colors
and black, regular value $1 25, will be
offered at 75c a pair.
MEN'S IBOYnURNISHINGS!
At 15 Cents.
200 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS,
in assorted opera shades, navy and
white figured, black, light, fancies, etc.,
extra value for 25c, will be offered at
15c each.
At 60 Cents.
52 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED "STAN-
LEY" SHIRTS, with collars and cuffs
attached, in a choice 1 variety of new
patterns, worth $1, wiil be offered at
60c each.
At 25 Cents.
150 dozen BOYS' CALICO AND CHEV-
IOT WAISTS, made with two pleats
in back and front, in a variety of hand-
some patterns, worth 50c, will be of-
fered at 25c each.
At $1.00.
45 dozen MEN'S FULL- FINISHED
TWELVE-THREAD BALBRIGGAN
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW T ERS.
"Norfolk and New Brunswick manu-
facture," regular price $1 50, will be
offered at $1 each.
Ulg Murphy Building, /
Market it Jones Streets.
the entries of Griffin will also be rejected
in future.
It is a strange fact that the Bay District
track was chosen by the jobbers for exe
cuting their schemes. The investigation
pointed to the fact, it is claimed, that but
one job was attempted at Ingleside, and
that failed. The conspirators' coin went
on Ed Nearny in a seven-furlong run, ana
Derfargilla captured the race. In this
event Thelma, ridden by Chevalier, was
left at the post.
THE VICE-PRESIDENT'S SON.
1.. G. Stpvennon on His Way Home From
an Asiatic Trip.
L. G. Stevenson, son of Vice-President
Adlai E. Stevenson-, arrived on the Coptic
from Japan last evening. He will start
East to-night.
Mr. Stevenson has been visiting Oriental
countries for the past five months, but has
spent most of his time in Japan. He
likes Japan, he says, better than any of
the Asiatic countries, and he does not see
why more people from California do not
go there. Everything is cheap, the peo
ple are industrious and enterprising and
the country is growing fast.
Korea, the scene of the late war, is quiet
again, and except ior the humiliation of
having Russia step in and destroy the
fruits of her victory, Japan is entirely
satisfied with the results of the war.
Mr. Stevenson was in poor health dur
ing part of his stay in Japan, but he has
(juite recovered and" will arrive home much
improved by his Asiatic trip.
MISSION CLUBS COMBINE
One General Improvement Club
; to Work for High School
and Park.
The - Proposition Fully Discussed at a
' Meeting of the Mission High
School Club.
Before " the regular, meeting of i the Mis
sion High School Club last night in the
Native Sons' Hall, on Seventeenth street,
the executive committees of this clnb and
of the Mission Defense Union discussed
the proposition of consolidating the Mis
sion Park and the High School clubs.
It was discovered that there was no Park
Club in existence, the efforts to obtain a
park in that part of to— n being simply, a
-fe*lur«- ._■' iha_Hlsslqn_-. Defense Uolcn»
I therefore th» consolidation- i.i it..- .-••... .
■ witn another which hut never been !
created was oijt of the question.
A 1. Magnlre, member of both tbe ;
High School Club and the Defense Union,
advocated a union of the two interests*
After ranch animated discussion it was
re*olv«l to defer tho question of de
ciding until after the mass-meeting to be
held 00 Kichte^nth Mr«-<-t a week from to-
I night.*- The matter will then have received
' the attention of all the members of both
I clubs and something definite can be re*
solved upon.
~.t H. OGrady, president of the High
School Club, stated that the final settle
ruent of the whole matter woul i probablr
be the divorcement of the park proposi- j
tion from the Mission Detente Union and
the consolidation of die Park and Mission
high school clubs.
On motion of W. J. Hardy a resolution
was pasted expressing thanks to the
Hoard of Education for the resolution |
{ said to have > been - passed by that body j
I promising a high-school class for the Mis
sion at the commencement of the next 1
school term. A resolution of thanks was I
also tendered the press.
A member introduced * revolution ?to
ask the public spirited and landed citizens
of the Mission to donate a site for a High
school. This resolution was passed, but
afterward expunged from the minutes."
- George Waicoui, speaking on this propo
LADIESMTAISTS!
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundried collar and
cuffs, made of fancy striped and
checked material, will be offered at 50a
each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' SHIRTWAISTS, made of fancy
dimities and lawns, laundried collar
and cuffs, made in the latest style,
regular price $1 50, will be offered at
$1 each.
CHILD WSJOCK SUITS!
At $1.50.
CHILDREN'S SUITS, of fancy striped
ducking, full skirt, blouse fimsbed with
deep sailor collar, sizes 4 to 10 years,
will be offered at $1 50 each.
At $2.25 and $3.00.
CHILDREN'S SUITS, made of English
Gallatea, in fancy stripes and white
ducking, made with sailor blouse and
full skirt, will be offered at $2 25 and
$3 each.
NEW RIBBONS!
At 50 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, elegant
designs, 3>^ inches wide, value 70c,
will be offered at 50c a yard.
At 65 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, in any
number of designs, value 90c, will be
offered at 65c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
3^-INCH ALL-SILK, BLACK SATIN
AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, will
be offered at 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
4^-INCH ALL-SILK, BLACK SATIN
AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, will
be offered at 35c a yard.
ytif Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
aition, said : "We want our just dues and
no more. The City and County is not so
poor but it can give us the site. And In
such a matter we should be particular
about the location. It is necessary that
our high school be centrally located.
CONGREGATION BETH ISRAEL.
Kabbl Levy Closes the Fifth Series of
Friday Evening Lectures.
The fifth ; annual series of Friday even
ing lectures was brought to a close last
evening at the "Geary-street Temple by
Kabbi Levy of the Congregation Beth Is
rael, who lectured on the "Aftermath." '
j Five years ago, the rabbi said, Congrega
tion Beth Israel had thrown open its doors
to ail classes' and "instituted tbe Fri
day evening lectures to counterbalance a
seeming lack of interest in Jewish religious
circles. The result had been beneficial in
the extreme, Interest had revived at
once, and since that time he had delivered
over 100 lectures and addressed j between
40,000 and 50,000 people. And so manifest
were the results that the example set by
Beth Israel had been followed by every
congregation in the City.
Judaism stands .for what is positive in
religion; not for the negative. Therefore,
it would survive only by clinging to con
servative orthodoxy, and it could not
afford to approve of the reformed Judaism,
which sanctioned the marriage of persona
of different religious faiths and the burial
of Jews in non-Jewish cemeteries. So also
must be preserved the Jewish Sabbath. If
the men, for business reasons beyond their
control, could not observe it ;. the women
mu>t observe it in their homes.
The rabbi closed by thanking bis people
for their uniform hearty co-operation and
support of the Friday evening services and
by wishing \ them - health -■• and V happiness'
during the year to begin with the Passover
holidays. ' •
• • *
United States Grand .Jury.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday In.
dieted Tom riing, Hong Joung and Lee Yoon^
for having unstamped opium in their posse^
sion. Isaac B. Hounsh was indicted for raisin©
United States notes.
NEW TO-DAY.
Say!
II you want to see fane? .chairs and
tables 'till you can't *•«*," come
around to T.'-O Mission street right now.
We'll «how you some I th» prettiest
and oddeu conceits in Birda«y« Ma-
ple, Curly Birch and < . 'den Oak that
your eyes ever rested on.
The prices are unio-«i — oar 780
Mission-street prices.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.